ch/threema/app/camera/ShutterButtonView.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.ShutterButtonView
 ch.threema.app.camera.ShutterButtonView$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.ShutterButtonView$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.ShutterButtonView$2$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.ShutterButtonView$ShutterButtonListener
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaSelectionBaseActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionBaseActivity$9
ch/threema/app/utils/NetworkUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.NetworkUtil
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/AudioChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$4
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$5
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$6
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AudioChatAdapterDecorator$7
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/Base64DecoderException.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.Base64DecoderException
ch/threema/app/ui/draggablegrid/DynamicGridView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$3
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$4
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$5
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$6
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$DynamicGridModification
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$KitKatSwitchCellAnimator
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$KitKatSwitchCellAnimator$AnimateSwitchViewOnPreDrawListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$LSwitchCellAnimator
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$LSwitchCellAnimator$AnimateSwitchViewOnPreDrawListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$OnDragListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$OnDropListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$OnEditModeChangeListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$OnSelectedItemBitmapCreationListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridView$SwitchCellAnimator
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ILicenseResultListener.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener$Stub
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener$Stub$Proxy
ch/threema/app/preference/ThreemaPreferenceFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.ThreemaPreferenceFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.ThreemaPreferenceFragment$PreferenceFragmentCallbackInterface
ch/threema/storage/models/DistributionListMemberModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.DistributionListMemberModel
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiManager.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiManager
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiManager$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiManager$1$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiManager$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/SendMode.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.SendMode
ch/threema/app/adapters/ComposeMessageAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter$2$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter$2$1$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$ConversationListFilter$2$1$1$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ComposeMessageAdapter$OnClickListener
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/LeaveGroupAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.LeaveGroupAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.LeaveGroupAsyncTask$1
ch/threema/base/VerificationLevel.java
 ch.threema.base.VerificationLevel
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/open/OpenCameraInterface.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
ch/threema/app/activities/MediaGalleryActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$3$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$3$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaGalleryActivity$SpinnerMessageFilter
com/DrmSDK/util/NetUtils.java
 com.DrmSDK.util.NetUtils
ch/threema/storage/models/ValidationMessage.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ValidationMessage
ch/threema/app/utils/executor/SingleThreadExecutor.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.executor.SingleThreadExecutor
ch/threema/app/ui/MentionSelectorPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSelectorPopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSelectorPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSelectorPopup$1$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSelectorPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSelectorPopup$MentionSelectorListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ConversationRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ConversationRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ConversationRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/storage/factories/ModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.ModelFactory
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiImageSpan.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiImageSpan
ch/threema/app/ui/ZoomableTextureView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableTextureView
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableTextureView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableTextureView$ZoomOnTouchListeners
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableTextureView$ZoomOnTouchListeners$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableTextureView$ZoomOnTouchListeners$ScaleListener
ch/threema/app/services/license/LicenseServiceSerial.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.LicenseServiceSerial
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraView.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$3
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$CaptureMode
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$PinchToZoomGestureDetector
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$S
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraView$ScaleType
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/BackupChatService.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupChatService
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion65.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion65
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/ConnectionDisconnect.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.ConnectionDisconnect
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Receiver.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Receiver
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Receiver$Type
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipMessage
ch/threema/app/ui/SingleToast.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SingleToast
ch/threema/app/adapters/ContactDetailAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter$HeaderHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter$HeaderHolder$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter$ItemHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactDetailAdapter$OnClickListener
ch/threema/app/dialogs/MessageDetailDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.MessageDetailDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.MessageDetailDialog$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionContext.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionContext
ch/threema/app/filepicker/FilePickerActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerActivity$6
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion24.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion24
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion24$1
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion24$2
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion24$3
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion24$4
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/WebClientMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.WebClientMessagePlayer
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.WebClientMessagePlayer$1
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.WebClientMessagePlayer$2
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/PoiQuery.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.PoiQuery
ch/threema/app/utils/ZipUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ZipUtil
ch/threema/client/APIConnector.java
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$CheckBetaResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$CheckIdentityStatesResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$CheckLicenseResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$CheckRevocationKeyResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$FetchIdentityPrivateResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$FetchIdentityResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$MatchIdentityResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$SetRevocationKeyResult
 ch.threema.client.APIConnector$TurnServerInfo
ch/threema/app/services/ConversationServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$12
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$13
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$9
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ContactConversationModelParser
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationModelParser
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationModelParser$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationModelParser$2
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationModelParser$3
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationModelParser$4
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$ConversationResult
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$DistributionListConversationModelParser
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationServiceImpl$GroupConversationModelParser
com/lambdaworks/jni/LibraryLoaders.java
 com.lambdaworks.jni.LibraryLoaders
ch/threema/client/BlobUploader.java
 ch.threema.client.BlobUploader
ch/threema/app/ui/TextViewRobotoMedium.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.TextViewRobotoMedium
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/MessageDispatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.MessageDispatcher
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/StopSessionsAndroidService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.StopSessionsAndroidService
ch/threema/app/adapters/DistributionListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DistributionListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DistributionListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DistributionListAdapter$DistributionListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DistributionListAdapter$DistributionListFilter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DistributionListAdapter$DistributionListHolder
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion41.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion41
ch/threema/app/utils/LinuxSecureRandom.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LinuxSecureRandom
 ch.threema.app.utils.LinuxSecureRandom$LinuxSecureRandomProvider
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardStartActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardStartActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardStartActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardStartActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardStartActivity$3
ch/threema/app/dialogs/BottomSheetGridDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetGridDialog
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.PreviewCallback
ch/threema/app/services/ConnectivityChangeService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ConnectivityChangeService
ch/threema/app/utils/DNDUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.DNDUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/ColorUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ColorUtil
ch/threema/app/services/ContactServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$12
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$9
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$9$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactServiceImpl$ContactPhotoUploadResult
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/AlertHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AlertHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AlertHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AlertHandler$ServerMessageListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AlertHandler$ServerMessageListener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AlertHandler$ServerMessageListener$2
ch/threema/app/utils/PowermanagerUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.PowermanagerUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/ImageViewUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ImageViewUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/LogUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LogUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.LogUtil$NullLogger
ch/threema/app/utils/TestUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.TestUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/activities/SessionsIntroActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsIntroActivity
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsIntroActivity$1
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotVoteResult.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotVoteResult
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion15.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion15
ch/threema/app/utils/StorageUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.StorageUtil
ch/threema/client/SSLSocketFactoryFactory.java
 ch.threema.client.SSLSocketFactoryFactory
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotService
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotService$BallotFilter
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Profile.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Profile
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/verify_16.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.verify_16
ch/threema/app/listeners/ContactCountListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ContactCountListener
ch/threema/app/receivers/PinningFailureReportBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.PinningFailureReportBroadcastReceiver
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiDetailPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiDetailPopup
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiDetailPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiDetailPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiDetailPopup$EmojiDetailPopupListener
ch/threema/app/services/WallpaperService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperService
ch/threema/app/fragments/RecentListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecentListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecentListFragment$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/DeleteDistributionListHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteDistributionListHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteDistributionListHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteDistributionListAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteDistributionListAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteDistributionListAsyncTask$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/UpdateToVersion.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.UpdateToVersion
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.UpdateToVersion$1
ch/threema/client/file/FileMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.file.FileMessage
ch/threema/logging/LoggerManager.java
 ch.threema.logging.LoggerManager
ch/threema/app/voip/receivers/CallRejectReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.receivers.CallRejectReceiver
ch/threema/app/webclient/utils/DefaultNoopPeerConnectionObserver.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.utils.DefaultNoopPeerConnectionObserver
ch/threema/app/services/PollingHelper.java
 ch.threema.app.services.PollingHelper
 ch.threema.app.services.PollingHelper$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ResponseData.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ResponseData
ch/threema/app/voip/Config.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.Config
ch/threema/app/ui/ListViewBehavior.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ListViewBehavior
ch/threema/app/utils/SecureDeleteUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.SecureDeleteUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/SquareGifView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SquareGifView
ch/threema/storage/models/ContactModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ContactModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.ContactModel$State
ch/threema/app/services/BrowserDetectionService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.BrowserDetectionService
 ch.threema.app.services.BrowserDetectionService$Browser
ch/threema/app/camera/VideoEditView.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$3
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$3$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$3$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.VideoEditView$4
ch/threema/storage/factories/IdentityBallotModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.IdentityBallotModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.IdentityBallotModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/utils/BatteryStatusUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BatteryStatusUtil
ch/threema/app/dialogs/BottomSheetListDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetListDialog
ch/threema/client/Version.java
 ch.threema.client.Version
ch/threema/app/stores/PreferenceStoreInterface.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.PreferenceStoreInterface
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/view/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.view.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
ch/threema/app/utils/AppRestrictionUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.AppRestrictionUtil
ch/threema/app/webrtc/DataChannelObserver.java
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.DataChannelObserver
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.DataChannelObserver$1
ch/threema/app/routines/UpdateBusinessAvatarRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateBusinessAvatarRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateBusinessAvatarRoutine$1
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/TextureRenderer.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.TextureRenderer
ch/threema/client/PayloadProcessingException.java
 ch.threema.client.PayloadProcessingException
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion16.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion16
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion16$1
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/ImagePreviewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.ImagePreviewFragment
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.ImagePreviewFragment$1
ch/threema/app/utils/BitmapUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BitmapUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.BitmapUtil$ExifOrientation
 ch.threema.app.utils.BitmapUtil$FlipType
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/PathEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.PathEntity
ch/threema/client/voip/features/FeatureList.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.features.FeatureList
ch/threema/app/activities/MemberChooseActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.MemberChooseActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.MemberChooseActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MemberChooseActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.MemberChooseActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.MemberChooseActivity$MemberChoosePagerAdapter
ch/threema/app/utils/AvatarConverterUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.AvatarConverterUtil
ch/threema/app/RecipientChooserTargetService.java
 ch.threema.app.RecipientChooserTargetService
 ch.threema.app.RecipientChooserTargetService$1
ch/threema/client/IdentityState.java
 ch.threema.client.IdentityState
ch/threema/app/webclient/webrtc/TemporaryTaskEventHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.TemporaryTaskEventHandler
ch/threema/app/services/LockAppService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.LockAppService
 ch.threema.app.services.LockAppService$OnLockAppStateChanged
ch/threema/app/fragments/ComposeMessageFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$11
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$12
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$12$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$12$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$13
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$14
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$15
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$16
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$17
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$18
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$19
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$20
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$20$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$20$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$21
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$22
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$23
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$24
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$25
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$26
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$27
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$28
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$29
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$30
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$31
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$32
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$33
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$34
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$35
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$36
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$37
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$38
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$39
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$4$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$4$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$40
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$40$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$41
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$41$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$42
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$42$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$43
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$43$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$44
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$44$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$44$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$45
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$45$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$46
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$47
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$47$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$48
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$48$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$49
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$50
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$50$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$51
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$51$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$52
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$53
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$54
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$55
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$56
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$57
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$9
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$9$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$ComposeMessageAction
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$ComposeMessageAction$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$QuoteInfo
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$SearchActionMode
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ComposeMessageFragment$SearchActionMode$1
ch/threema/app/services/NotificationService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationService
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationService$ConversationNotification
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationService$ConversationNotificationGroup
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationService$FetchBitmap
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationService$NotificationSchema
ch/threema/storage/NonceDatabaseBlobService.java
 ch.threema.storage.NonceDatabaseBlobService
 ch.threema.storage.NonceDatabaseBlobService$1
 ch.threema.storage.NonceDatabaseBlobService$2
 ch.threema.storage.NonceDatabaseBlobService$3
ch/threema/app/actions/LocationMessageSendAction.java
 ch.threema.app.actions.LocationMessageSendAction
 ch.threema.app.actions.LocationMessageSendAction$1
 ch.threema.app.actions.LocationMessageSendAction$2
ch/threema/client/GroupCreateMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupCreateMessage
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/Helper.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.Helper
ch/threema/app/ui/draggablegrid/DynamicGridUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridUtils
ch/threema/app/utils/SMSUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.SMSUtil
ch/threema/app/activities/UnlockMasterKeyActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.UnlockMasterKeyActivity$PasswordWatcher
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/AppLogo.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.AppLogo
ch/threema/app/fragments/WorkUserMemberListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserMemberListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserMemberListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserMemberListFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserMemberListFragment$1$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserMemberListFragment$1$3
ch/threema/app/activities/DummyActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.DummyActivity
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsAppearanceFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$10$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$2$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$4$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$8$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$9
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAppearanceFragment$9$1
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiMarkupUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiMarkupUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/ListViewSwipeListener.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ListViewSwipeListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.ListViewSwipeListener$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.ListViewSwipeListener$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.ListViewSwipeListener$DismissCallbacks
ch/threema/app/listeners/ContactTypingListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ContactTypingListener
ch/threema/app/dialogs/ExpandableTextEntryDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog$4
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ExpandableTextEntryDialog$ExpandableTextEntryDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/ShortcutService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ShortcutService
ch/threema/app/voip/util/VoipVideoParams.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipVideoParams
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipVideoParams$1
ch/threema/app/activities/ServerMessageActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ServerMessageActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ServerMessageActivity$1
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/IdentityBallotModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.IdentityBallotModel
ch/threema/app/utils/ListReader.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ListReader
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/ImageViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.ImageViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.ImageViewFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.ImageViewFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.ImageViewFragment$3
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/UnrecoverableVideoTranscoderException.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.UnrecoverableVideoTranscoderException
ch/threema/storage/DatabaseServiceNew.java
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$1
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$2
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$2$1
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$3
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$3$1
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseServiceNew$4
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeMDMConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeMDMConfig
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/QRCodeParser.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.QRCodeParser
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.QRCodeParser$InvalidQrCodeException
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.QRCodeParser$Result
com/DrmSDK/DrmStatusCodes.java
 com.DrmSDK.DrmStatusCodes
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeUploadJobService.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeUploadJobService
ch/threema/app/utils/MessageUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.MessageUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.MessageUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.MessageUtil$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.MessageUtil$MessageViewElement
ch/threema/app/services/PassphraseService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.PassphraseService
ch/threema/app/webclient/Config.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.Config
ch/threema/app/ui/HintedTextView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.HintedTextView
ch/threema/app/ui/GroupDetailViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.GroupDetailViewModel
 ch.threema.app.ui.GroupDetailViewModel$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.GroupDetailViewModel$2
ch/threema/app/utils/MediaPlayerStateWrapper.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$3
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$4
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$5
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$State
 ch.threema.app.utils.MediaPlayerStateWrapper$StateListener
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraActivity
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraActivity$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/VoipStatus.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.VoipStatus
com/DrmSDK/util/ApplicationWrapper.java
 com.DrmSDK.util.ApplicationWrapper
ch/threema/app/activities/ThreemaAppCompatActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaAppCompatActivity
com/lambdaworks/crypto/SCryptUtil.java
 com.lambdaworks.crypto.SCryptUtil
ch/threema/app/listeners/MessagePlayerListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.MessagePlayerListener
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupMemberModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMemberModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMemberModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/messagereceiver/DistributionListMessageReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.DistributionListMessageReceiver
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.DistributionListMessageReceiver$1
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipICECandidatesMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipICECandidatesMessage
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/curve25519xsalsa20poly1305.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.curve25519xsalsa20poly1305
ch/threema/app/activities/BiometricLockActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.BiometricLockActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.BiometricLockActivity$1
ch/threema/app/ui/PrefixEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.PrefixEditText
 ch.threema.app.ui.PrefixEditText$1
ch/threema/app/ui/PaintSelectionPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintSelectionPopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintSelectionPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintSelectionPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintSelectionPopup$PaintSelectPopupListener
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/assit/AmbientLightManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.assit.AmbientLightManager
ch/threema/app/notifications/NotificationChannelSettings.java
 ch.threema.app.notifications.NotificationChannelSettings
ch/threema/app/ui/ZoomableExoPlayerView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableExoPlayerView
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableExoPlayerView$ComponentListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.ZoomableExoPlayerView$ShowBuffering
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/DisconnectContext.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.DisconnectContext
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.DisconnectContext$ByPeer
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.DisconnectContext$ByUs
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.DisconnectContext$DisconnectReason
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.DisconnectContext$Unknown
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/StatusChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.StatusChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.StatusChatAdapterDecorator$1
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/AudioMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.AudioMessagePlayer
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.AudioMessagePlayer$1
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.AudioMessagePlayer$2
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.AudioMessagePlayer$3
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/xsalsa20poly1305.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.xsalsa20poly1305
ch/threema/client/ThreemaConnection.java
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaConnection
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaConnection$1
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaConnection$2
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaConnection$3
ch/threema/client/GroupTextMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupTextMessage
ch/threema/app/stores/MatchTokenStore.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.MatchTokenStore
ch/threema/app/voip/CallAnswerIndicatorLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.CallAnswerIndicatorLayout
 ch.threema.app.voip.CallAnswerIndicatorLayout$1
ch/threema/client/file/GroupFileMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.file.GroupFileMessage
ch/threema/app/activities/CropImageActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.CropImageActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.CropImageActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.CropImageActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.CropImageActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.CropImageActivity$4
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment0.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment0
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotChooserActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotChooserActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotChooserActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotChooserActivity$2
ch/threema/app/adapters/DirectoryAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DirectoryAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DirectoryAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DirectoryAdapter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DirectoryAdapter$DirectoryHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.DirectoryAdapter$OnClickItemListener
ch/threema/app/camera/TimerView.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.TimerView
 ch.threema.app.camera.TimerView$OnTimerExpiredListener
ch/threema/app/preference/RingtonePreference.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.RingtonePreference
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion49.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion49
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaAttachActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$1$1
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachActivity$5
ch/threema/app/voip/VoipAudioManager.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$2$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$2$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$2$3
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$3
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$4
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$5
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$6
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$7
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$AudioDevice
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$AudioManagerState
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipAudioManager$WiredHeadsetReceiver
ch/threema/app/webclient/utils/ThumbnailUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.utils.ThumbnailUtils
 ch.threema.app.webclient.utils.ThumbnailUtils$Size
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/SessionService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionService
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/FirstUnreadChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FirstUnreadChatAdapterDecorator
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment2.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment2$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment2$OnSettingsChangedListener
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/MotionView.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$1
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$Constants
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$MotionViewCallback
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$MoveListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$RotateListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$ScaleListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$TapsListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionView$TouchListener
ch/threema/app/ui/DimmingPopupWindow.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DimmingPopupWindow
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion40.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion40
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/SessionWakeUpServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpServiceImpl$StartResult
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotVoteMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotVoteMessage
ch/threema/app/dialogs/SelectorDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SelectorDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SelectorDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SelectorDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SelectorDialog$SelectorDialogClickListener
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SelectorDialog$SelectorDialogInlineClickListener
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiPagerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPagerAdapter
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPagerAdapter$1
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/AudioDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.AudioDataModel
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/ImageEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.ImageEntity
ch/threema/app/dialogs/BottomSheetAbstractDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog$2$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog$BottomSheetDialogCallback
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BottomSheetAbstractDialog$BottomSheetDialogInlineClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion47.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion47
ch/threema/app/video/VideoTimelineCache.java
 ch.threema.app.video.VideoTimelineCache
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/decode/DecodeFormatManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.decode.DecodeFormatManager
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionStateError.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateError
ch/threema/app/ui/listitemholder/AvatarListItemHolder.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.listitemholder.AvatarListItemHolder
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/MediaMessageDataInterface.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.MediaMessageDataInterface
ch/threema/app/routines/UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine$1
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine$2
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine$3
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine$Request
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateFeatureLevelRoutine$StatusResult
com/DrmSDK/ViewHelper.java
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper$1
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper$2
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper$3
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper$4
 com.DrmSDK.ViewHelper$5
ch/threema/app/activities/EnterSerialActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$PasswordWatcher
 ch.threema.app.activities.EnterSerialActivity$TextChangeWatcher
ch/threema/app/activities/MapActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$2$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$2$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.MapActivity$4$1
ch/threema/app/listeners/NewSyncedContactsListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.NewSyncedContactsListener
ch/threema/app/fragments/MessageSectionFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$11
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$12
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$13
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$13$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$13$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$14
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$15
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$16
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$17
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$18
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$19
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$19$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$19$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$2$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$2$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$20
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$21
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$22
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MessageSectionFragment$9
ch/threema/app/services/NotificationServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.NotificationServiceImpl$NotificationSchemaImpl
ch/threema/storage/models/ConversationModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ConversationModel
ch/threema/app/activities/GroupAdd2Activity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupAdd2Activity
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupAdd2Activity$1
ch/threema/app/receivers/AlarmManagerBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.AlarmManagerBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.AlarmManagerBroadcastReceiver$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/BatteryStatusUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.BatteryStatusUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.BatteryStatusUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.BatteryStatusUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.BatteryStatusUpdateHandler$Listener$1
ch/threema/app/utils/DeviceIdUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.DeviceIdUtil
ch/threema/app/stores/ContactStore.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.ContactStore
 ch.threema.app.stores.ContactStore$1
 ch.threema.app.stores.ContactStore$2
 ch.threema.app.stores.ContactStore$3
 ch.threema.app.stores.ContactStore$4
ch/threema/localcrypto/MasterKey.java
 ch.threema.localcrypto.MasterKey
ch/threema/app/activities/MediaViewerActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.MediaViewerActivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter$2
ch/threema/app/services/ActivityService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ActivityService
 ch.threema.app.services.ActivityService$1
ch/threema/app/ui/CheckableConstraintLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableConstraintLayout
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableConstraintLayout$OnCheckedChangeListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion50.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion50
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationPickerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerAdapter
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerAdapter$OnClickItemListener
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerAdapter$PoiViewHolder
ch/threema/storage/factories/WebClientSessionModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.WebClientSessionModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.WebClientSessionModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/MessageRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/ui/StepPagerStrip.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.StepPagerStrip
ch/threema/app/motionviews/utils/MathUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.utils.MathUtils
ch/threema/app/motionviews/gestures/TwoFingerGestureDetector.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.TwoFingerGestureDetector
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/PreviewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.PreviewFragment
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiFilter.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiFilter
ch/threema/storage/models/AbstractMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.AbstractMessageModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.AbstractMessageModel$1
ch/threema/client/BoxTextMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxTextMessage
ch/threema/app/activities/NotificationsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.NotificationsActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.NotificationsActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.NotificationsActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.NotificationsActivity$3
ch/threema/app/archive/ArchiveViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveViewModel
ch/threema/app/listeners/BallotVoteListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.BallotVoteListener
ch/threema/app/motionviews/viewmodel/Layer.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.Layer
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.Layer$Limits
ch/threema/app/activities/AboutActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.AboutActivity
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteGroupAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteGroupAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteGroupAsyncTask$1
ch/threema/app/services/license/LicenseServiceThreema.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.LicenseServiceThreema
ch/threema/app/utils/PushUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.PushUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.PushUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.PushUtil$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.PushUtil$3
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ILicensingService.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService$Stub
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService$Stub$Proxy
ch/threema/app/services/MessageSendingService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageSendingService
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageSendingService$MessageSendingProcess
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageSendingService$MessageSendingServiceState
ch/threema/client/work/WorkDirectory.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkDirectory
ch/threema/app/activities/DistributionListAddActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.DistributionListAddActivity
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraConfig
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupBallotModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupBallotModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupBallotModelFactory$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/PreferenceObfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.PreferenceObfuscator
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/NearbyPoiUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.NearbyPoiUtil
ch/threema/client/PBKDF2.java
 ch.threema.client.PBKDF2
ch/threema/app/voip/services/CallRejectService.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.CallRejectService
com/neilalexander/jnacl/NaCl.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.NaCl
ch/threema/app/jobs/WorkSyncService.java
 ch.threema.app.jobs.WorkSyncService
ch/threema/client/LinkMobileNoException.java
 ch.threema.client.LinkMobileNoException
ch/threema/app/adapters/ContactListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$AvatarListener
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$ContactListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactListAdapter$ContactListHolder
ch/threema/storage/factories/ConversationTagFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.ConversationTagFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.ConversationTagFactory$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/VerificationLevel.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.VerificationLevel
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.VerificationLevel$1
ch/threema/app/adapters/GroupListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupListAdapter$GroupListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupListAdapter$GroupListHolder
ch/threema/app/ui/listitemholder/ComposeMessageHolder.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.listitemholder.ComposeMessageHolder
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion14.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion14
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion14$1
ch/threema/app/services/RestrictBackgroundChangedService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.RestrictBackgroundChangedService
ch/threema/app/utils/LoggingUEH.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LoggingUEH
ch/threema/app/ui/EmptyView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.EmptyView
ch/threema/app/adapters/BottomSheetListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetListAdapter$BottomSheetListHolder
ch/threema/app/adapters/ballot/BallotWizard1Adapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotWizard1Adapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotWizard1Adapter$BallotAdminChoiceItemHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotWizard1Adapter$OnChoiceListener
ch/threema/client/BoxedMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxedMessage
ch/threema/app/ui/VerificationLevelImageView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.VerificationLevelImageView
 ch.threema.app.ui.VerificationLevelImageView$1
ch/threema/app/ui/ConversationListView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ConversationListView
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraUtil
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraUtil$2
ch/threema/app/services/FileServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$4$1
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$4$2
 ch.threema.app.services.FileServiceImpl$5
ch/threema/app/utils/MathUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.MathUtils
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/decode/DecodeHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.decode.DecodeHandler
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/EmptyChatAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.EmptyChatAsyncTask
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/ReceiverUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$ContactListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$DistributionListListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$GroupListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiverUpdateHandler$UpdateMode
ch/threema/storage/models/MessageState.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.MessageState
ch/threema/logging/LogLevel.java
 ch.threema.logging.LogLevel
ch/threema/app/activities/ThreemaToolbarActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaToolbarActivity$OnSoftKeyboardChangedListener
com/DrmSDK/EMUISupportUtil.java
 com.DrmSDK.EMUISupportUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Message.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Message
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Message$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Message$DetailLevel
ch/threema/app/voip/util/UnsignedHelper.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.UnsignedHelper
ch/threema/storage/factories/BallotVoteModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotVoteModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotVoteModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/KeyPersistedRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.KeyPersistedRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.KeyPersistedRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/RestoreService.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$1
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$10
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$11
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$2
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$3
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$4
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$5
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$6
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$7
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$8
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$9
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$GetMessageModel
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$ProcessCsvFile
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreService$RestoreResultImpl
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion32.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion32
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/BallotModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotModel$Assessment
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotModel$ChoiceType
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotModel$State
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotModel$Type
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionStateManager.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateManager
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateManager$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateManager$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateManager$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateManager$StopHandler
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaFilterQuery.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaFilterQuery
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaFilterQuery$FilerType
ch/threema/app/services/DeadlineListService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DeadlineListService
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationAutocompleteAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteAdapter
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteAdapter$FooterViewHolder
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteAdapter$PlacesViewHolder
ch/threema/app/fragments/WorkUserListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserListFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserListFragment$2$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.WorkUserListFragment$2$2
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/URIQueryDecoder.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.URIQueryDecoder
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils$1
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotUpdateResult.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotUpdateResult
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotUpdateResult$Operation
ch/threema/app/utils/IconUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.IconUtil
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallRingingMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallRingingMessage
ch/threema/app/services/AppRestrictionService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.AppRestrictionService
ch/threema/app/voip/PeerConnectionClient.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$CameraEventsHandler
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$DCObserver
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$Events
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$PCObserver
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$PCObserver$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$PeerConnectionParameters
 ch.threema.app.voip.PeerConnectionClient$SDPObserver
ch/threema/app/listeners/QRCodeScanListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.QRCodeScanListener
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/ImageChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ImageChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ImageChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ImageChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ImageChatAdapterDecorator$3
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteMyGroupAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteMyGroupAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteMyGroupAsyncTask$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion39.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion39
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion39$1
com/android/colorpicker/ColorPickerPalette.java
 com.android.colorpicker.ColorPickerPalette
ch/threema/app/activities/ComposeMessageActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ComposeMessageActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ComposeMessageActivity$1
ch/threema/app/services/AvatarCacheService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheService
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion42.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion42
ch/threema/app/listeners/AppIconListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.AppIconListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/ContactTyping.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.ContactTyping
ch/threema/app/activities/BackupAdminActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.BackupAdminActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.BackupAdminActivity$BackupAdminPagerAdapter
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsDeveloperFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsDeveloperFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsDeveloperFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsDeveloperFragment$1VoipMessage
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsDeveloperFragment$2
ch/threema/app/activities/ExportIDActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExportIDActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExportIDActivity$1
ch/threema/app/ThreemaLicensePolicy.java
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaLicensePolicy
com/google/android/vending/licensing/AESObfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.AESObfuscator
ch/threema/app/routines/ReadMessagesRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.ReadMessagesRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.ReadMessagesRoutine$OnFinished
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Quote.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Quote
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/SessionWakeUpService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionWakeUpService
ch/threema/app/dialogs/CancelableGenericProgressDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableGenericProgressDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableGenericProgressDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableGenericProgressDialog$ProgressDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/WakeLockServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.WakeLockServiceImpl
ch/threema/client/GroupLeaveMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupLeaveMessage
ch/threema/app/webclient/crypto/NativeJnaclCryptoProvider.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.crypto.NativeJnaclCryptoProvider
ch/threema/app/receivers/AutoStartNotifyReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.AutoStartNotifyReceiver
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/WebClientMessageListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.WebClientMessageListener
ch/threema/app/services/SystemScreenLockService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SystemScreenLockService
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/assit/BeepManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.assit.BeepManager
ch/threema/logging/ThreemaLogger.java
 ch.threema.logging.ThreemaLogger
ch/threema/client/work/WorkDirectoryCategory.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkDirectoryCategory
ch/threema/app/activities/ExcludedSyncIdentitiesActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExcludedSyncIdentitiesActivity
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallRingingData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallRingingData
ch/threema/app/activities/GroupNotificationsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupNotificationsActivity
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion7.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion7
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion7$1
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion7$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/CreateGroupHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateGroupHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateGroupHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotMatrixDataImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixDataImpl
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/VideoTranscoder.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$1
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$Builder
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$Defaults
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$Listener
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$Stats
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoTranscoder$TranscoderResult
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotWizardFragment1.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment1$7
ch/threema/app/exceptions/RestoreCanceledException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.RestoreCanceledException
ch/threema/app/fragments/RecipientListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecipientListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecipientListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecipientListFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecipientListFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.RecipientListFragment$4
ch/threema/app/emojis/DiverseEmojiPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.DiverseEmojiPopup
 ch.threema.app.emojis.DiverseEmojiPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.DiverseEmojiPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.emojis.DiverseEmojiPopup$DiverseEmojiPopupListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/CleanupHelper.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.CleanupHelper
ch/threema/storage/models/GroupMemberModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.GroupMemberModel
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeServerTestResponse.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServerTestResponse
ch/threema/client/voip/features/VideoFeature.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.features.VideoFeature
ch/threema/app/webclient/webrtc/TemporaryDataChannelObserver.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.TemporaryDataChannelObserver
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/MediaPlayerViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaPlayerViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaPlayerViewFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaPlayerViewFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaPlayerViewFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaPlayerViewFragment$4
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion51.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion51
ch/threema/app/ui/DirectoryDataSource.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSource
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSource$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSource$1$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSource$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSource$2$1
ch/threema/client/IdentityStoreInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.IdentityStoreInterface
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteIdentityAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteIdentityAsyncTask
ch/threema/app/jobs/ReConnectJobService.java
 ch.threema.app.jobs.ReConnectJobService
 ch.threema.app.jobs.ReConnectJobService$1
ch/threema/storage/factories/AbstractMessageModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.AbstractMessageModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.AbstractMessageModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardBackgroundActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBackgroundActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBackgroundActivity$1
ch/threema/storage/factories/MessageModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.MessageModelFactory
ch/threema/app/adapters/SendMediaGridAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.SendMediaGridAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.SendMediaGridAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.SendMediaGridAdapter$ClickListener
 ch.threema.app.adapters.SendMediaGridAdapter$SendMediaHolder
ch/threema/app/services/BrowserDetectionServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.BrowserDetectionServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/services/ShortcutServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ShortcutServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ShortcutServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ShortcutServiceImpl$CommonShortcutInfo
ch/threema/app/utils/CloseableLock.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.CloseableLock
ch/threema/client/TypingIndicatorMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.TypingIndicatorMessage
ch/threema/app/voip/services/VoipStateService.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipStateService
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipStateService$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipStateService$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipStateService$Component
ch/threema/app/ui/ThreemaTextInputEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ThreemaTextInputEditText
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/SessionAndroidService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionAndroidService
ch/threema/app/adapters/FilterableListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.FilterableListAdapter
ch/threema/app/webclient/activities/WebDiagnosticsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.WebDiagnosticsActivity$5
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ThumbnailRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ThumbnailRequestHandler
ch/threema/app/voip/signaling/ToSignalingMessage.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.signaling.ToSignalingMessage
ch/threema/app/utils/LinkifyUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LinkifyUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.LinkifyUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.LinkifyUtil$2
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseCheckerCallback.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback
ch/threema/app/activities/BlackListActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.BlackListActivity
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/MessagePlayerService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayerService
ch/threema/app/adapters/MediaGalleryAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MediaGalleryAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MediaGalleryAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MediaGalleryAdapter$MediaGalleryHolder
ch/threema/client/DeliveryReceiptMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.DeliveryReceiptMessage
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotCreateMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotCreateMessage
com/DrmSDK/Drm.java
 com.DrmSDK.Drm
ch/threema/app/adapters/MediaGallerySpinnerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MediaGallerySpinnerAdapter
ch/threema/app/utils/SynchronizeContactsUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.SynchronizeContactsUtil
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion34.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion34
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardRestoreMainActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreMainActivity$5
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotVote.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotVote
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/SyncGroupHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.SyncGroupHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.SyncGroupHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotMessageInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotMessageInterface
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/VideoConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.VideoConfig
com/lambdaworks/crypto/SCrypt.java
 com.lambdaworks.crypto.SCrypt
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/CreateContactHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateContactHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateContactHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/services/DistributionListService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListService
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListService$DistributionListFilter
ch/threema/client/ContactDeletePhotoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ContactDeletePhotoMessage
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/CameraManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.CameraManager
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServiceImpl$UploadSizeExceedException
ch/threema/app/services/UpdateSystemServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.UpdateSystemServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.UpdateSystemServiceImpl$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MessageState.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageState
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageState$1
ch/threema/app/utils/BallotUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BallotUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.BallotUtil$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/TypingUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.TypingUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.TypingUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.TypingUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.TypingUpdateHandler$Listener$1
ch/threema/app/activities/IdentityListActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.IdentityListActivity$IdentityListAction
ch/threema/app/ui/GridRecyclerView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.GridRecyclerView
ch/threema/app/listeners/ContactSettingsListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ContactSettingsListener
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/audio/AudioComponent.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.AudioComponent
ch/threema/app/services/IdListServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.IdListServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.IdListServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.IdListServiceImpl$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/utils/DefaultNoopWebSocketListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.utils.DefaultNoopWebSocketListener
ch/threema/client/AsyncResolver.java
 ch.threema.client.AsyncResolver
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/MediaViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaViewFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaViewFragment$OnMediaLoadListener
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.MediaViewFragment$OnMediaOpenListener
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/Poi.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.Poi
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotResult.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotResult
ch/threema/app/dialogs/ThreemaDialogFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ThreemaDialogFragment
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/QRCodeParserImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.QRCodeParserImpl
ch/threema/app/services/LocaleService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.LocaleService
ch/threema/app/adapters/WidgetViewsFactory.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.WidgetViewsFactory
 ch.threema.app.adapters.WidgetViewsFactory$1
ch/threema/app/dialogs/RateDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog$4
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RateDialog$RateDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/utils/BitmapWorkerTaskParams.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BitmapWorkerTaskParams
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardRestoreIDActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreIDActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreIDActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreIDActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardRestoreIDActivity$3
ch/threema/storage/models/data/MessageContentsType.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.MessageContentsType
ch/threema/app/dialogs/ContactEditDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ContactEditDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ContactEditDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ContactEditDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ContactEditDialog$ContactEditDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/utils/AdapterUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.AdapterUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.AdapterUtil$1
com/DrmSDK/util/ReportUtils.java
 com.DrmSDK.util.ReportUtils
ch/threema/app/webclient/manager/WebClientListenerManager.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.manager.WebClientListenerManager
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/open/OpenCamera.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.open.OpenCamera
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/FaceEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.FaceEntity
ch/threema/app/stores/PreferenceStoreInterfaceDevNullImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.PreferenceStoreInterfaceDevNullImpl
ch/threema/client/BlobLoader.java
 ch.threema.client.BlobLoader
 ch.threema.client.BlobLoader$InputStreamLength
ch/threema/app/utils/UrlUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.UrlUtil
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/FileViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.FileViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.FileViewFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.FileViewFragment$2
ch/threema/app/activities/ProfilePicRecipientsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ProfilePicRecipientsActivity
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/poly1305.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.poly1305
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$11
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$4$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$7$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$9
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$CameraCallback
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraFragment$CameraConfiguration
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion55.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion55
com/google/android/vending/licensing/Obfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.Obfuscator
ch/threema/app/ui/LinearLayoutBehavior.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LinearLayoutBehavior
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupRequestSyncLogModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupRequestSyncLogModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupRequestSyncLogModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion4.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion4
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion4$1
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion4$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/manager/WebClientServiceManager.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.manager.WebClientServiceManager
ch/threema/app/receivers/SendTextToContactBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.SendTextToContactBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.SendTextToContactBroadcastReceiver$1
ch/threema/app/stores/IdentityStore.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.IdentityStore
 ch.threema.app.stores.IdentityStore$KeyPair
ch/threema/app/exceptions/TranscodeCanceledException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.TranscodeCanceledException
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaRepository.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaRepository
ch/threema/client/GroupId.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupId
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/MessageCreateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageCreateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageCreateHandler$MessageValidationException
ch/threema/app/receivers/RestrictBackgroundChangedReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.RestrictBackgroundChangedReceiver
ch/threema/app/adapters/ContactsSyncAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactsSyncAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactsSyncAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ContactsSyncAdapter$1$1
ch/threema/storage/models/DistributionListMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.DistributionListMessageModel
ch/threema/app/ui/ContentCommitComposeEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ContentCommitComposeEditText
ch/threema/app/services/PreferenceService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.PreferenceService
 ch.threema.app.services.PreferenceService$ImageScale
 ch.threema.app.services.PreferenceService$VideoSize
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiInfo.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiInfo
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiTextView.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiTextView
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/AddContactAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.AddContactAsyncTask
ch/threema/app/workers/IdentityStatesWorker.java
 ch.threema.app.workers.IdentityStatesWorker
 ch.threema.app.workers.IdentityStatesWorker$1
ch/threema/client/work/WorkDirectoryFilter.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkDirectoryFilter
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/LocationChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.LocationChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.LocationChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.LocationChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.LocationChatAdapterDecorator$3
ch/threema/app/utils/CSVWriter.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.CSVWriter
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion64.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion64
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion64$1
ch/threema/app/utils/BitmapWorkerTask.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BitmapWorkerTask
ch/threema/app/utils/AnimationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$10
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$10$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$11
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$12
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$3
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$4
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$5
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$6
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$7
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$7$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$8
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$9
 ch.threema.app.utils.AnimationUtil$9$1
ch/threema/app/services/WallpaperServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.WallpaperServiceImpl$4
ch/threema/client/GroupDeletePhotoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupDeletePhotoMessage
ch/threema/app/activities/DisableBatteryOptimizationsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.DisableBatteryOptimizationsActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.DisableBatteryOptimizationsActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.DisableBatteryOptimizationsActivity$2
ch/threema/app/activities/ImagePaintKeyboardActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintKeyboardActivity$5
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/BallotVoteModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotVoteModel
ch/threema/client/work/WorkDirectorySettings.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkDirectorySettings
ch/threema/app/utils/TurnServerCache.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.TurnServerCache
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallOfferData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallOfferData
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallOfferData$OfferData
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteContactAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteContactAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteContactAsyncTask$DeleteContactsPostRunnable
ch/threema/app/routines/UpdateAppLogoRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateAppLogoRoutine
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/FaceEmojiEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.FaceEmojiEntity
ch/threema/app/utils/RingtoneUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.RingtoneUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ReceiversRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ReceiversRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ReceiversRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/adapters/BottomSheetGridAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetGridAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetGridAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.BottomSheetGridAdapter$BottomSheetGridDialogHolder
ch/threema/app/voip/services/VideoContext.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VideoContext
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VideoContext$CameraOrientation
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VideoContext$ProxyVideoSink
com/DrmSDK/util/SharedPreferencesWrapper.java
 com.DrmSDK.util.SharedPreferencesWrapper
ch/threema/app/voip/util/SdpUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpUtil
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion35.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion35
ch/threema/app/ui/EmptyProgressView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.EmptyProgressView
ch/threema/app/utils/ConversationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConversationUtil
ch/threema/client/work/WorkContact.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkContact
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion18.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion18
ch/threema/app/ui/DebouncedOnMenuItemClickListener.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DebouncedOnMenuItemClickListener
ch/threema/app/activities/SendMediaActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$12
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$13
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$14
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$15
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$16
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$17
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$18
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$19
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$20
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$21
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$22
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$23
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$24
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$7$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$7$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.SendMediaActivity$9
ch/threema/localcrypto/MasterKeyLockedException.java
 ch.threema.localcrypto.MasterKeyLockedException
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiCategory.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiCategory
ch/threema/app/utils/MimeUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.MimeUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.MimeUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.MimeUtil$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.MimeUtil$NavigationMode
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion21.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion21
ch/threema/app/ui/TooltipPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.TooltipPopup
ch/threema/app/routines/OnFirstConnectRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.OnFirstConnectRoutine
ch/threema/client/CreateIdentityRequestDataInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.CreateIdentityRequestDataInterface
ch/threema/client/GroupAudioMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupAudioMessage
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion8.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion8
ch/threema/app/services/GroupServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$12
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$13
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$14
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$15
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$16
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$17
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$18
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$19
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$20
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$21
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$22
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$23
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$24
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$25
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$26
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$27
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$28
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$29
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$30
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$31
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$32
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$9
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupServiceImpl$GroupPhotoUploadResult
ch/threema/app/utils/CSVRow.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.CSVRow
ch/threema/storage/factories/ContactModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.ContactModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.ContactModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/VideoPreviewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.VideoPreviewFragment
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.VideoPreviewFragment$1
ch/threema/app/processors/MessageProcessor.java
 ch.threema.app.processors.MessageProcessor
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/MessageHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.MessageHandler
ch/threema/app/adapters/StickerSelectorAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.StickerSelectorAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.StickerSelectorAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.StickerSelectorAdapter$StickerSelectorHolder
ch/threema/app/emojis/SpriteCoordinates.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.SpriteCoordinates
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsActivity
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaSelectionActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionActivity
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaSelectionActivity$3
ch/threema/app/services/DeviceServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DeviceServiceImpl
ch/threema/storage/models/GroupMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.GroupMessageModel
ch/threema/app/ui/ControllerView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ControllerView
 ch.threema.app.ui.ControllerView$OnVisibilityChangedListener
ch/threema/app/services/DeadlineListServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DeadlineListServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Utils.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Utils
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Utils$ModelWrapper
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/InputSurface.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.InputSurface
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/ChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$ActionModeStatus
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$ContactCache
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$Helper
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$OnClickElement
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$OnClickRetry
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$OnLongClickElement
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.ChatAdapterDecorator$OnTouchElement
ch/threema/app/activities/ContactNotificationsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactNotificationsActivity
ch/threema/client/ConnectionStateListener.java
 ch.threema.client.ConnectionStateListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/DistributionList.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.DistributionList
ch/threema/app/voip/receivers/VoipMediaButtonReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.receivers.VoipMediaButtonReceiver
ch/threema/app/exceptions/DatabaseMigrationFailedException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.DatabaseMigrationFailedException
ch/threema/client/AbstractGroupMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.AbstractGroupMessage
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ConnectionInfoUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ConnectionInfoUpdateHandler
ch/threema/client/ContactStoreInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.ContactStoreInterface
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsMediaDummyActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaDummyActivity
ch/threema/app/services/GroupApiServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupApiServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/webclient/exceptions/WouldBlockException.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.exceptions.WouldBlockException
ch/threema/app/utils/EditTextUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.EditTextUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/SampleResult.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.SampleResult
ch/threema/app/receivers/MarkReadActionBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.MarkReadActionBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.MarkReadActionBroadcastReceiver$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/NullDeviceLimiter.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.NullDeviceLimiter
ch/threema/app/activities/GroupDetailActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$10$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$12
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$13
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$14
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$15
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupDetailActivity$SelectorInfo
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/MessageReadRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageReadRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageReadRequestHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.MessageReadRequestHandler$2
ch/threema/app/NamedFileProvider.java
 ch.threema.app.NamedFileProvider
 ch.threema.app.NamedFileProvider$PathStrategy
 ch.threema.app.NamedFileProvider$SimplePathStrategy
ch/threema/app/activities/QRCodeZoomActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.QRCodeZoomActivity
ch/threema/app/services/ContactService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactService
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactService$ContactProcessor
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactService$Filter
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiConversationTextView.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiConversationTextView
com/DrmSDK/DrmCheckCallback.java
 com.DrmSDK.DrmCheckCallback
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeConfigureActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeConfigureActivity
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeConfigureActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeConfigureActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeConfigureActivity$PasswordWatcher
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/PeerConnectionListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.PeerConnectionListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionConnectionContext.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$1$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$3$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$3$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$5$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$5$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$6
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$6$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$7
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$7$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$7$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionConnectionContext$8
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/FileDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.FileDataModel
ch/threema/app/motionviews/viewmodel/Font.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.Font
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.Font$Limits
ch/threema/app/services/AccountAuthenticatorService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.AccountAuthenticatorService
 ch.threema.app.services.AccountAuthenticatorService$AccountAuthenticatorImpl
ch/threema/storage/factories/DistributionListModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion25.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion25
ch/threema/app/activities/SimpleWebViewActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.SimpleWebViewActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.SimpleWebViewActivity$1
com/lambdaworks/jni/SysLibraryLoader.java
 com.lambdaworks.jni.SysLibraryLoader
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/BackupRestoreDataService.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupRestoreDataService
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupRestoreDataService$BackupData
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupRestoreDataService$RestoreResult
ch/threema/app/activities/AddAccountActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.AddAccountActivity
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion31.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion31
ch/threema/app/voip/VoipBluetoothManager.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipBluetoothManager
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipBluetoothManager$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipBluetoothManager$BluetoothHeadsetBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipBluetoothManager$BluetoothServiceListener
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipBluetoothManager$State
ch/threema/app/ui/AnimatedEllipsisTextView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AnimatedEllipsisTextView
 ch.threema.app.ui.AnimatedEllipsisTextView$1
ch/threema/client/BoxAudioMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxAudioMessage
ch/threema/app/ui/SilentSwitchCompat.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SilentSwitchCompat
ch/threema/client/GroupSetPhotoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupSetPhotoMessage
ch/threema/app/receivers/DeclineActionBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.DeclineActionBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.DeclineActionBroadcastReceiver$1
ch/threema/app/voip/util/VoipUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipUtil
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipUtil$1
ch/threema/app/utils/StreamUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.StreamUtil
ch/threema/app/services/QRCodeService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.QRCodeService
 ch.threema.app.services.QRCodeService$QRCodeContentResult
ch/threema/app/collections/IPredicate.java
 ch.threema.app.collections.IPredicate
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/BackupThreemaSafeFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.BackupThreemaSafeFragment$5
ch/threema/storage/CursorHelper.java
 ch.threema.storage.CursorHelper
 ch.threema.storage.CursorHelper$1
 ch.threema.storage.CursorHelper$Callback
 ch.threema.storage.CursorHelper$CallbackInstance
ch/threema/app/fragments/MainFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MainFragment
ch/threema/app/dialogs/ShowOnceDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.ShowOnceDialog
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/MessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$1
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$2
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$2$1
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$DecryptTask
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$DecryptionListener
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$DownloadListener
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$InternalListener
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$PlaybackListener
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$PlayerListener
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayer$TranscodeListener
ch/threema/app/voip/util/SdpPatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$InvalidSdpException
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$Line
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$LineAction
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$RtpExtensionIdRemapper
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$RtpHeaderExtensionConfig
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$SdpPatcherContext
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$SdpSection
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.SdpPatcher$Type
ch/threema/storage/models/TagModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.TagModel
ch/threema/app/webrtc/FlowControlledDataChannel.java
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.FlowControlledDataChannel
ch/threema/app/ui/ResizingScrollView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ResizingScrollView
 ch.threema.app.ui.ResizingScrollView$1
ch/threema/app/services/ContactsSyncAdapterService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ContactsSyncAdapterService
ch/threema/app/services/RingtoneServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.RingtoneServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/IsTypingHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.IsTypingHandler
ch/threema/app/services/DistributionListServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$3$1
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.DistributionListServiceImpl$5
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiSpritemapBitmap.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiSpritemapBitmap
com/DrmSDK/util/DeviceSession.java
 com.DrmSDK.util.DeviceSession
ch/threema/client/NonceStoreInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.NonceStoreInterface
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/BatteryStatusListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.BatteryStatusListener
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/GroupBallotModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.GroupBallotModel
ch/threema/app/services/DownloadServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DownloadServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.DownloadServiceImpl$Download
ch/threema/app/voip/AudioSelectorButton.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.AudioSelectorButton
 ch.threema.app.voip.AudioSelectorButton$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.AudioSelectorButton$AudioDeviceMultiSelectListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion58.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion58
ch/threema/app/utils/AndroidContactUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.AndroidContactUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.AndroidContactUtil$ContactName
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/ReceiversUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$ContactSettingsListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$ContactSettingsListener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$ContactSettingsListener$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$ContactSettingsListener$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$SynchronizeContactsListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$SynchronizeContactsListener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ReceiversUpdateHandler$SynchronizeContactsListener$2
ch/threema/app/voip/listeners/VoipMessageListener.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.listeners.VoipMessageListener
com/DrmSDK/DrmResource.java
 com.DrmSDK.DrmResource
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion28.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion28
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsSecurityFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$10$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsSecurityFragment$9
ch/threema/app/BuildFlavor.java
 ch.threema.app.BuildFlavor
 ch.threema.app.BuildFlavor$LicenseType
ch/threema/app/actions/TextMessageSendAction.java
 ch.threema.app.actions.TextMessageSendAction
ch/threema/client/ProtocolDefines.java
 ch.threema.client.ProtocolDefines
ch/threema/app/activities/DirectoryActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$2$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.DirectoryActivity$5
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotWizardFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment
ch/threema/app/activities/LicenseActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.LicenseActivity
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotPublishResult.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotPublishResult
ch/threema/app/listeners/BallotListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.BallotListener
ch/threema/app/dialogs/WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog$SearchIdTask
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialog$WizardSafeSearchPhoneDialogCallback
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/AvatarRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.AvatarRequestHandler
ch/threema/storage/QueryBuilder.java
 ch.threema.storage.QueryBuilder
ch/threema/app/listeners/DistributionListListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.DistributionListListener
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/ImageMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.ImageMessagePlayer
ch/threema/app/dialogs/BallotVoteDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BallotVoteDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BallotVoteDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BallotVoteDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.BallotVoteDialog$3
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/FileMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.FileMessagePlayer
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/TextChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.TextChatAdapterDecorator
ch/threema/logging/backend/DebugLogFileBackend.java
 ch.threema.logging.backend.DebugLogFileBackend
ch/threema/app/preference/HeaderLoader.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.HeaderLoader
org/slf4j/impl/ThreemaLoggerFactory.java
 org.slf4j.impl.ThreemaLoggerFactory
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion38.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion38
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotVoteInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotVoteInterface
ch/threema/app/activities/MainActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.MainActivity
ch/threema/app/cache/ThumbnailCache.java
 ch.threema.app.cache.ThumbnailCache
 ch.threema.app.cache.ThumbnailCache$1
ch/threema/app/listeners/SynchronizeContactsListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.SynchronizeContactsListener
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/VideoDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.VideoDataModel
ch/threema/app/ui/PaintView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintView
 ch.threema.app.ui.PaintView$TouchListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/SessionInstanceService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceService
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupMessageModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMessageModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMessageModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/ui/AvatarEditViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditViewModel
ch/threema/app/fragments/ContactsSectionFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$10$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$11
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$12
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$13
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$14
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$15
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$16
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$17
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$18
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$19
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$20
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$9
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$FetchContactsTask
 ch.threema.app.fragments.ContactsSectionFragment$FetchResults
ch/threema/client/ThreemaFeature.java
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaFeature
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaFeature$Builder
 ch.threema.client.ThreemaFeature$Feature
ch/threema/app/ui/AvatarView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarView
ch/threema/storage/factories/BallotModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotModelFactory$1
ch/threema/client/MissingPublicKeyException.java
 ch.threema.client.MissingPublicKeyException
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallData
ch/threema/app/ui/TypingIndicatorTextWatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.TypingIndicatorTextWatcher
 ch.threema.app.ui.TypingIndicatorTextWatcher$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.TypingIndicatorTextWatcher$2
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/decode/DecodeThread.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.decode.DecodeThread
ch/threema/client/Base64.java
 ch.threema.client.Base64
org/slf4j/impl/StaticLoggerBinder.java
 org.slf4j.impl.StaticLoggerBinder
ch/threema/client/ProtocolStrings.java
 ch.threema.client.ProtocolStrings
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/curve25519.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.curve25519
ch/threema/client/voip/features/CallFeature.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.features.CallFeature
ch/threema/app/services/AvatarService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarService
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment1.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment1$OnSettingsChangedListener
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment1$PasswordWatcher
ch/threema/storage/models/ReceiverModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ReceiverModel
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion48.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion48
ch/threema/app/services/RingtoneService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.RingtoneService
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion61.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion61
ch/threema/app/services/FingerPrintServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.FingerPrintServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/utils/GeoLocationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.GeoLocationUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.GeoLocationUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.GeoLocationUtil$GeocoderHandler
ch/threema/app/activities/HomeActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$1$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$12
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$12$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$13
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$14
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$15
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$16
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$17
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$18
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$19
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$19$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$20
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$3$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$3$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$6$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$UpdateBottomNavigationBadgeTask
 ch.threema.app.activities.HomeActivity$UpdateBottomNavigationBadgeTask$1
ch/threema/app/archive/ArchiveActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveActivity$ArchiveAction
ch/threema/app/ui/TranscoderView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.TranscoderView
 ch.threema.app.ui.TranscoderView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.TranscoderView$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MsgpackObjectBuilder.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackObjectBuilder
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackObjectBuilder$Instruction
ch/threema/app/ui/MentionTextWatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionTextWatcher
ch/threema/app/services/SystemScreenLockServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SystemScreenLockServiceImpl
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotCreateInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotCreateInterface
ch/threema/app/activities/GroupEditActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupEditActivity
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/DateSeparatorChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.DateSeparatorChatAdapterDecorator
ch/threema/client/QueueSendCompleteListener.java
 ch.threema.client.QueueSendCompleteListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/BlobRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$ErrorCode
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.BlobRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiPicker.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$2
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$3
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$4
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$4$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$EmojiKeyListener
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiPicker$EmojiPickerListener
ch/threema/app/ui/MentionClickableSpan.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionClickableSpan
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionStateDisconnected.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateDisconnected
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotMatrixService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixService
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixService$Choice
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixService$DataKeyBuilder
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixService$Participant
ch/threema/app/utils/MessageDiskSizeUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.MessageDiskSizeUtil
ch/threema/app/activities/TextChatBubbleActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.TextChatBubbleActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.TextChatBubbleActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.TextChatBubbleActivity$2
ch/threema/app/notifications/NotificationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.notifications.NotificationUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionStateConnected.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateConnected
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateConnected$1
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/TextEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.TextEntity
ch/threema/storage/models/data/MessageDataInterface.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.MessageDataInterface
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MsgpackArrayBuilder.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackArrayBuilder
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackArrayBuilder$Instruction
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/activity/CaptureActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.activity.CaptureActivity
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/BatteryStatus.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.BatteryStatus
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion36.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion36
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallOfferMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallOfferMessage
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/activity/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.activity.CaptureActivityHandler
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.activity.CaptureActivityHandler$State
ch/threema/app/ui/QRCodePopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.QRCodePopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.QRCodePopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.QRCodePopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.QRCodePopup$3
ch/threema/client/ballot/GroupBallotVoteMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.GroupBallotVoteMessage
ch/threema/app/filepicker/FileInfo.java
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FileInfo
ch/threema/logging/backend/LogcatBackend.java
 ch.threema.logging.backend.LogcatBackend
ch/threema/app/ui/CheckableRelativeLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableRelativeLayout
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableRelativeLayout$OnCheckedChangeListener
com/android/colorpicker/ColorStateDrawable.java
 com.android.colorpicker.ColorStateDrawable
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaAttachAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachAdapter
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachAdapter$ItemClickListener
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachAdapter$MediaGalleryHolder
ch/threema/storage/models/GroupRequestSyncLogModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.GroupRequestSyncLogModel
ch/threema/storage/models/MessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.MessageModel
ch/threema/app/listeners/ChatListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ChatListener
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/LinkBallotModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.LinkBallotModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.LinkBallotModel$Type
ch/threema/app/ui/WorkCategorySpan.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.WorkCategorySpan
ch/threema/app/notifications/NotificationIDs.java
 ch.threema.app.notifications.NotificationIDs
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion9.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion9
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion9$1
ch/threema/app/motionviews/gestures/MoveGestureDetector.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.MoveGestureDetector
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.MoveGestureDetector$OnMoveGestureListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.MoveGestureDetector$SimpleOnMoveGestureListener
ch/threema/client/work/WorkOrganization.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkOrganization
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion19.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion19
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion19$1
ch/threema/app/ui/BottomSheetItem.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.BottomSheetItem
 ch.threema.app.ui.BottomSheetItem$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/ProfileUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ProfileUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ProfileUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ProfileUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ProfileUpdateHandler$Listener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ProfileUpdateHandler$Listener$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/TextMessageCreateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.TextMessageCreateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.TextMessageCreateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.TextMessageCreateHandler$2
ch/threema/storage/DatabaseUtil.java
 ch.threema.storage.DatabaseUtil
ch/threema/app/services/LocaleServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.LocaleServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/utils/CSVReader.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.CSVReader
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/BallotDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.BallotDataModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.BallotDataModel$Type
ch/threema/app/voip/util/AppRTCUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.AppRTCUtils
ch/threema/app/activities/GroupAddActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.GroupAddActivity
ch/threema/app/voip/activities/CallActionIntentActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActionIntentActivity
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActionIntentActivity$1
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiEditText
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiEditText$1
ch/threema/app/ui/CircularProgressBar.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CircularProgressBar
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardIntroActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardIntroActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardIntroActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardIntroActivity$2
ch/threema/app/services/MessageService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageService
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageService$CompletionHandler
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageService$MessageFilter
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageService$MessageString
ch/threema/app/voip/listeners/VoipCallEventListener.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.listeners.VoipCallEventListener
ch/threema/app/activities/RecipientListActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListActivity
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/BackupRestoreDataServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupRestoreDataServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupRestoreDataServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupRestoreDataServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupRestoreDataServiceImpl$3
ch/threema/storage/models/GroupModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.GroupModel
ch/threema/app/services/WidgetService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.WidgetService
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/AvatarUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler$ContactListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler$ContactListener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler$GroupListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.AvatarUpdateHandler$GroupListener$1
ch/threema/app/ui/AvatarListItemUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarListItemUtil
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarListItemUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarListItemUtil$2
ch/threema/client/ContactStoreObserver.java
 ch.threema.client.ContactStoreObserver
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotOverviewActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotOverviewActivity$MessageSectionAction
ch/threema/app/voip/CallStateSnapshot.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.CallStateSnapshot
ch/threema/app/collections/IPredicateNonNull.java
 ch.threema.app.collections.IPredicateNonNull
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallHangupData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallHangupData
ch/threema/app/preference/Header.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.Header
 ch.threema.app.preference.Header$1
ch/threema/app/services/FileService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.FileService
 ch.threema.app.services.FileService$OnDecryptedFileComplete
 ch.threema.app.services.FileService$OnDecryptedFilesComplete
ch/threema/app/services/ConversationTagServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationTagServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationTagServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationTagServiceImpl$2
com/google/android/vending/licensing/Policy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.Policy
ch/threema/client/IdentityBackupDecoder.java
 ch.threema.client.IdentityBackupDecoder
ch/threema/client/ProgressListener.java
 ch.threema.client.ProgressListener
ch/threema/app/voip/CallState.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.CallState
 ch.threema.app.voip.CallState$State
ch/threema/app/activities/ThreemaActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ThreemaActivity
ch/threema/client/AppVersion.java
 ch.threema.client.AppVersion
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/AdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AdapterDecorator
ch/threema/app/utils/LocationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LocationUtil
ch/threema/client/MessageListener.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageListener
ch/threema/storage/factories/DistributionListMessageModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListMessageModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListMessageModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/activities/WorkExplainActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.WorkExplainActivity
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/PreviewFragmentInterface.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.PreviewFragmentInterface
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.PreviewFragmentInterface$AudioFocusActions
ch/threema/app/services/license/SerialCredentials.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.SerialCredentials
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion53.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion53
ch/threema/app/listeners/PreferenceListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.PreferenceListener
ch/threema/app/exceptions/InvalidEntryException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.InvalidEntryException
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallAnswerData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallAnswerData
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallAnswerData$Action
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallAnswerData$AnswerData
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallAnswerData$RejectReason
ch/threema/app/receivers/ActionBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ActionBroadcastReceiver
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion12.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion12
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion12$1
ch/threema/app/services/DeviceService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DeviceService
ch/threema/app/voip/util/VideoCapturerUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VideoCapturerUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/NavigationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.NavigationUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/BackupUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BackupUtils
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/DeleteConversationsAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteConversationsAsyncTask
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteConversationsAsyncTask$1
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.DeleteConversationsAsyncTask$2
ch/threema/app/utils/ToolbarUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ToolbarUtil
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion27.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion27
ch/threema/app/ui/CheckableView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableView
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment5.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment5
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment5$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment5$SettingsInterface
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/PoiRepository.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.PoiRepository
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.PoiRepository$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.PoiRepository$1$1
ch/threema/app/ui/CountBoxView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CountBoxView
ch/threema/app/ui/DebouncedOnClickListener.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DebouncedOnClickListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/state/WebClientSessionState.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.state.WebClientSessionState
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion44.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion44
ch/threema/app/services/license/LicenseService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.LicenseService
 ch.threema.app.services.license.LicenseService$Credentials
ch/threema/app/listeners/SensorListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.SensorListener
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/ImagePreviewPagerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.ImagePreviewPagerAdapter
ch/threema/app/ui/HintedImageView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.HintedImageView
ch/threema/app/messagereceiver/MessageReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.MessageReceiver
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.MessageReceiver$EncryptResult
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.MessageReceiver$MessageReceiverType
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.MessageReceiver$OnSendingPermissionDenied
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ProfileRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ProfileRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ProfileRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/receivers/AcknowledgeActionBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.AcknowledgeActionBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.AcknowledgeActionBroadcastReceiver$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion11.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion11
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion11$1
ch/threema/app/voicemessage/AudioRecorder.java
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.AudioRecorder
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.AudioRecorder$OnStopListener
ch/threema/app/activities/VerificationLevelActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.VerificationLevelActivity
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiDrawable.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiDrawable
ch/threema/app/services/QRCodeServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.QRCodeServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.QRCodeServiceImpl$1
com/DrmSDK/IDrmSignService.java
 com.DrmSDK.IDrmSignService
 com.DrmSDK.IDrmSignService$Stub
 com.DrmSDK.IDrmSignService$Stub$Proxy
ch/threema/app/utils/BiometricUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BiometricUtil
ch/threema/storage/models/ConversationTagModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ConversationTagModel
ch/threema/app/collections/Functional.java
 ch.threema.app.collections.Functional
ch/threema/app/receivers/ReSendMessagesBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ReSendMessagesBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ReSendMessagesBroadcastReceiver$1
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ReSendMessagesBroadcastReceiver$1$1
ch/threema/app/activities/WhatsNewActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.WhatsNewActivity
ch/threema/app/dialogs/TextEntryDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$4
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$5
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextEntryDialog$TextEntryDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/utils/QRScannerUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.QRScannerUtil
ch/threema/app/receivers/FetchMessagesBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.FetchMessagesBroadcastReceiver
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/AudioFocusSupportingMediaViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.AudioFocusSupportingMediaViewFragment
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ClientInfoRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ClientInfoRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ClientInfoRequestHandler$Listener
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotData.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotData
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotData$AssessmentType
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotData$ChoiceType
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotData$State
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotData$Type
ch/threema/client/IdentityType.java
 ch.threema.client.IdentityType
ch/threema/app/activities/StorageManagementActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$10$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$8$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.StorageManagementActivity$9
ch/threema/app/fragments/UserListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserListFragment$1$1
ch/threema/app/dialogs/RingtoneSelectorDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$4
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$RingtoneListItemAdapter
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.RingtoneSelectorDialog$RingtoneSelectorDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/voip/activities/WebRTCDebugActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.WebRTCDebugActivity
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.WebRTCDebugActivity$1
ch/threema/app/voip/managers/VoipListenerManager.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.managers.VoipListenerManager
ch/threema/client/work/WorkDirectoryContact.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkDirectoryContact
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupMessagePendingMessageIdModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMessagePendingMessageIdModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupMessagePendingMessageIdModelFactory$1
ch/threema/client/TLSUpgradeSocketFactoryWrapper.java
 ch.threema.client.TLSUpgradeSocketFactoryWrapper
ch/threema/app/voip/util/VoipStats.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Builder
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$BytesTransferred
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Candidate
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$CandidatePair
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$CandidatePairVariant
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$CandidatePairVariant$Type
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Codec
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$CodecMimeType
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$CodecMimeTypePrimary
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Crypto
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Direction
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Extractor
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$InboundRtp
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$OutboundRtp
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$RoundTripTime
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Rtp
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$RtpTransceiver
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$State
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$StateContext
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$StatsRepresentation
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Track
 ch.threema.app.voip.util.VoipStats$Transport
ch/threema/app/wearable/WearableHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.wearable.WearableHandler
 ch.threema.app.wearable.WearableHandler$1
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment4.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment4$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment4$OnSettingsChangedListener
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$12
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotServiceImpl$9
ch/threema/client/ProxyAwareSocketFactory.java
 ch.threema.client.ProxyAwareSocketFactory
 ch.threema.client.ProxyAwareSocketFactory$1
ch/threema/app/utils/IdUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.IdUtil
com/lambdaworks/codec/Base64.java
 com.lambdaworks.codec.Base64
ch/threema/app/ui/EmptyRecyclerView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.EmptyRecyclerView
 ch.threema.app.ui.EmptyRecyclerView$1
ch/threema/app/activities/StopPassphraseServiceActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.StopPassphraseServiceActivity
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion45.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion45
ch/threema/client/file/FileData.java
 ch.threema.client.file.FileData
 ch.threema.client.file.FileData$RenderingType
ch/threema/protobuf/callsignaling/CallSignaling.java
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$1
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$Builder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$CaptureDevice
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$CaptureDevice$1
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$CaptureDevice$CaptureDeviceVerifier
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$Mode
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$Mode$1
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureState$Mode$ModeVerifier
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$CaptureStateOrBuilder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$Envelope
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$Envelope$Builder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$Envelope$ContentCase
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$EnvelopeOrBuilder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$Resolution
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$Resolution$Builder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$ResolutionOrBuilder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfile
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfile$Builder
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfile$QualityProfile
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfile$QualityProfile$1
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfile$QualityProfile$QualityProfileVerifier
 ch.threema.protobuf.callsignaling.CallSignaling$VideoQualityProfileOrBuilder
ch/threema/app/fragments/MyIDFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$1$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$2$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MyIDFragment$9
ch/threema/app/utils/IntentDataUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.IntentDataUtil
ch/threema/client/Base32.java
 ch.threema.client.Base32
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Converter.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Converter
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MessageEvent.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageEvent
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageEvent$EventType
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion20.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion20
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion20$1
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/BackupRestoreDataConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupRestoreDataConfig
ch/threema/app/utils/ExifInterface.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$ByteOrderedDataInputStream
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$ByteOrderedDataOutputStream
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$ExifAttribute
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$ExifTag
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$IfdType
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExifInterface$Rational
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/VoipStatusUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.VoipStatusUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.VoipStatusUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.VoipStatusUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.VoipStatusUpdateHandler$Listener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.VoipStatusUpdateHandler$StatusType
ch/threema/app/listeners/VoipCallListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.VoipCallListener
ch/threema/client/BadMessageException.java
 ch.threema.client.BadMessageException
ch/threema/app/activities/VoiceActionActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.VoiceActionActivity
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaAttachItem.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachItem
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachItem$1
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotId.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotId
ch/threema/app/ui/MediaItem.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MediaItem
 ch.threema.app.ui.MediaItem$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.MediaItem$MediaType
ch/threema/app/receivers/UpdateReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.UpdateReceiver
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationPickerConfirmDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerConfirmDialog
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerConfirmDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerConfirmDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerConfirmDialog$LocationConfirmDialogClickListener
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerConfirmDialog$LocationNameAsyncTask
ch/threema/app/receivers/ReplyActionBroadcastReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ReplyActionBroadcastReceiver
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ReplyActionBroadcastReceiver$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MessageType.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageType
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageType$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion52.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion52
ch/threema/app/ui/listitemholder/AbstractListItemHolder.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.listitemholder.AbstractListItemHolder
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/MessageUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.MessageUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.MessageUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.MessageUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.MessageUpdateHandler$Listener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.MessageUpdateHandler$Mode
ch/threema/storage/models/FirstUnreadMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.FirstUnreadMessageModel
ch/threema/app/emojis/RecentEmojiRemovePopup.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.RecentEmojiRemovePopup
 ch.threema.app.emojis.RecentEmojiRemovePopup$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.RecentEmojiRemovePopup$2
 ch.threema.app.emojis.RecentEmojiRemovePopup$RemoveListener
ch/threema/app/activities/ExportIDResultActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExportIDResultActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExportIDResultActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ExportIDResultActivity$2
ch/threema/app/ui/SquareLinearLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SquareLinearLayout
ch/threema/app/ui/MarkupTextWatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MarkupTextWatcher
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/BackupService.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$1
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$2
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$3
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$4
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$5
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupService$6
ch/threema/app/utils/ViewUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ViewUtil
ch/threema/app/voicemessage/VoiceRecorderActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.voicemessage.VoiceRecorderActivity$MediaState
ch/threema/app/utils/StringConversionUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.StringConversionUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/AnimationDrawableCallback.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AnimationDrawableCallback
ch/threema/app/fragments/GroupListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.GroupListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.GroupListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.GroupListFragment$1$1
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/BackupChatServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupChatServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.BackupChatServiceImpl$1
ch/threema/app/utils/FileUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.FileUtil
ch/threema/app/messagereceiver/ContactMessageReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.ContactMessageReceiver
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.ContactMessageReceiver$1
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.ContactMessageReceiver$2
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.ContactMessageReceiver$3
ch/threema/client/BoxLocationMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxLocationMessage
ch/threema/client/GroupImageMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupImageMessage
ch/threema/client/ContactRequestPhotoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ContactRequestPhotoMessage
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/MediaComponent.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.MediaComponent
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion54.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion54
ch/threema/app/camera/FlashModeConverter.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.FlashModeConverter
ch/threema/app/utils/StateBitmapUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.StateBitmapUtil
ch/threema/client/GroupLocationMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupLocationMessage
ch/threema/app/voip/activities/CallActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$12
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$12$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$13
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$14
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$15
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$4$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$4$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$CommonViews
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$PermissionRequest
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$PermissionRequestResult
 ch.threema.app.voip.activities.CallActivity$VideoViews
ch/threema/app/ui/ComposeEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ComposeEditText
ch/threema/annotation/SameThread.java
 ch.threema.annotation.SameThread
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsPrivacyFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$1$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$1$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$5$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsPrivacyFragment$5$1$1
com/DrmSDK/ICallback.java
 com.DrmSDK.ICallback
 com.DrmSDK.ICallback$Stub
 com.DrmSDK.ICallback$Stub$Proxy
ch/threema/app/listeners/ServerMessageListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ServerMessageListener
ch/threema/storage/models/WebClientSessionModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.WebClientSessionModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.WebClientSessionModel$State
ch/threema/app/push/PushService.java
 ch.threema.app.push.PushService
ch/threema/app/dialogs/PasswordEntryDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog$PasswordEntryDialogClickListener
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.PasswordEntryDialog$PasswordWatcher
ch/threema/app/exceptions/NotAllowedException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.NotAllowedException
ch/threema/app/services/ConversationTagService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationTagService
ch/threema/client/MatchTokenStoreInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.MatchTokenStoreInterface
ch/threema/app/services/GroupService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupService
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupService$GroupCreateMessageResult
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupService$GroupFilter
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupService$GroupState
ch/threema/app/utils/WebRTCUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.WebRTCUtil
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion59.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion59
ch/threema/app/exceptions/EntryAlreadyExistsException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.EntryAlreadyExistsException
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/exceptions/HandshakeException.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.exceptions.HandshakeException
ch/threema/app/utils/ExponentialBackOffUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExponentialBackOffUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExponentialBackOffUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.ExponentialBackOffUtil$BackOffRunnable
ch/threema/app/webclient/exceptions/DispatchException.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.exceptions.DispatchException
ch/threema/app/ui/LockingSwipeRefreshLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LockingSwipeRefreshLayout
ch/threema/app/push/PushRegistrationWorker.java
 ch.threema.app.push.PushRegistrationWorker
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/ClientInfo.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.ClientInfo
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion37.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion37
ch/threema/storage/models/access/Access.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.access.Access
ch/threema/app/ui/VerticalTextView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.VerticalTextView
ch/threema/client/work/WorkMDMSettings.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkMDMSettings
ch/threema/app/ui/IdentityPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$3
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$4
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$5
 ch.threema.app.ui.IdentityPopup$ProfileButtonListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/exceptions/ConversionException.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.exceptions.ConversionException
ch/threema/client/JSONUtil.java
 ch.threema.client.JSONUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/webrtc/PeerConnectionWrapper.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$2$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$PeerConnectionObserver
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$PeerConnectionObserver$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$PeerConnectionObserver$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$TaskMessageHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$TaskMessageHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.PeerConnectionWrapper$TaskMessageHandler$2
ch/threema/app/receivers/ConnectivityChangeReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.ConnectivityChangeReceiver
ch/threema/client/MessageQueue.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageQueue
ch/threema/storage/models/data/LocationDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.LocationDataModel
ch/threema/client/file/FileMessageInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.file.FileMessageInterface
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion60.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion60
ch/threema/app/ui/OpenBallotNoticeView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$3
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$3$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$3$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$4
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$5
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$6
 ch.threema.app.ui.OpenBallotNoticeView$VisibilityListener
ch/threema/app/ui/AutoFitTextureView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AutoFitTextureView
ch/threema/app/utils/executor/HandlerExecutor.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.executor.HandlerExecutor
 ch.threema.app.utils.executor.HandlerExecutor$1
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/MotionEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.MotionEntity
ch/threema/app/notifications/BackgroundErrorNotification.java
 ch.threema.app.notifications.BackgroundErrorNotification
ch/threema/storage/models/DistributionListModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.DistributionListModel
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/hsalsa20.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.hsalsa20
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/xsalsa20.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.xsalsa20
ch/threema/app/voip/CpuMonitor.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.CpuMonitor
 ch.threema.app.voip.CpuMonitor$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.CpuMonitor$MovingAverage
 ch.threema.app.voip.CpuMonitor$ProcStat
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsNotificationsFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsNotificationsFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsNotificationsFragment$1
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeServerInfo.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeServerInfo
ch/threema/app/listeners/ProfileListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ProfileListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/PendingWakeup.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.PendingWakeup
ch/threema/app/exceptions/NoIdentityException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.NoIdentityException
ch/threema/app/dialogs/WizardRestoreSelectorDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardRestoreSelectorDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardRestoreSelectorDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardRestoreSelectorDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardRestoreSelectorDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardRestoreSelectorDialog$WizardRestoreSelectorDialogCallback
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/WakeLockService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.WakeLockService
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiSpritemap.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiSpritemap
ch/threema/app/activities/AppLinksActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.AppLinksActivity
ch/threema/storage/models/access/AccessModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.access.AccessModel
ch/threema/client/MessageAck.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageAck
ch/threema/app/activities/PinLockActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.PinLockActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.PinLockActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.PinLockActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.PinLockActivity$3
ch/threema/client/GroupVideoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupVideoMessage
ch/threema/app/services/LifetimeServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.LifetimeServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsChatFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsChatFragment
ch/threema/client/voip/features/UnknownCallFeature.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.features.UnknownCallFeature
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/MediaAttachViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.MediaAttachViewModel
com/android/colorpicker/HsvColorComparator.java
 com.android.colorpicker.HsvColorComparator
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiGridAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiGridAdapter
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiGridAdapter$KeyClickListener
ch/threema/app/utils/LoadingUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LoadingUtil
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardBaseActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$8$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$8$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardBaseActivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter
ch/threema/app/exceptions/MalformedMimeTypeException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.MalformedMimeTypeException
ch/threema/app/ThreemaApplication.java
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$1
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$10
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$11
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$12
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$13
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$14
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$15
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$16
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$17
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$18
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$19
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$2
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$20
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$3
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$4
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$5
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$6
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$6$1
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$7
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$8
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaApplication$9
ch/threema/client/Payload.java
 ch.threema.client.Payload
ch/threema/app/activities/SMSVerificationLinkActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.SMSVerificationLinkActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.SMSVerificationLinkActivity$1
ch/threema/logging/WebRTCLoggable.java
 ch.threema.logging.WebRTCLoggable
 ch.threema.logging.WebRTCLoggable$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion62.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion62
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiButton.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiButton
ch/threema/app/collections/IntTrie.java
 ch.threema.app.collections.IntTrie
 ch.threema.app.collections.IntTrie$Node
 ch.threema.app.collections.IntTrie$Value
com/DrmSDK/HwInvoke.java
 com.DrmSDK.HwInvoke
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/view/ViewfinderView.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.view.ViewfinderView
com/google/android/vending/licensing/StrictPolicy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.StrictPolicy
ch/threema/app/routines/CheckLicenseRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckLicenseRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckLicenseRoutine$1
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckLicenseRoutine$2
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckLicenseRoutine$3
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/NotificationSettings.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.NotificationSettings
ch/threema/app/adapters/UserListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.UserListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.UserListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.UserListAdapter$UserListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.UserListAdapter$UserListHolder
ch/threema/app/AutostartService.java
 ch.threema.app.AutostartService
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Contact.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Contact
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Contact$1
ch/threema/app/webrtc/UnboundedFlowControlledDataChannel.java
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.UnboundedFlowControlledDataChannel
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.UnboundedFlowControlledDataChannel$1
 ch.threema.app.webrtc.UnboundedFlowControlledDataChannel$2
ch/threema/storage/models/access/GroupAccessModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.access.GroupAccessModel
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/OutputSurface.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.OutputSurface
ch/threema/app/utils/RuntimeUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.RuntimeUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.RuntimeUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.RuntimeUtil$MainThreadExecutor
ch/threema/app/listeners/ConversationListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ConversationListener
com/android/colorpicker/ColorPickerSwatch.java
 com.android.colorpicker.ColorPickerSwatch
 com.android.colorpicker.ColorPickerSwatch$OnColorSelectedListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/CleanReceiverConversationRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CleanReceiverConversationRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CleanReceiverConversationRequestHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/services/UserServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.UserServiceImpl$5
ch/threema/app/fragments/DistributionListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.DistributionListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.DistributionListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.DistributionListFragment$1$1
ch/threema/app/motionviews/gestures/BaseGestureDetector.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.BaseGestureDetector
ch/threema/app/jobs/WorkSyncJobService.java
 ch.threema.app.jobs.WorkSyncJobService
ch/threema/app/exceptions/PolicyViolationException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.PolicyViolationException
ch/threema/client/MessageAckListener.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageAckListener
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallAnswerMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallAnswerMessage
ch/threema/app/voip/listeners/VoipAudioManagerListener.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.listeners.VoipAudioManagerListener
ch/threema/app/utils/ContactUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ContactUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.ContactUtil$1
ch/threema/app/actions/SendAction.java
 ch.threema.app.actions.SendAction
 ch.threema.app.actions.SendAction$ActionHandler
ch/threema/app/services/FingerPrintService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.FingerPrintService
ch/threema/app/activities/SupportActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.SupportActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.SupportActivity$1
ch/threema/app/adapters/MessageListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$4
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$FooterViewHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$ItemClickListener
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MessageListAdapter$MessageListViewHolder
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeService.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeService
ch/threema/app/webclient/adapters/SessionListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.adapters.SessionListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.webclient.adapters.SessionListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.adapters.SessionListAdapter$OnClickItemListener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.adapters.SessionListAdapter$SessionListViewHolder
ch/threema/client/HttpProxySocket.java
 ch.threema.client.HttpProxySocket
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/WebClientServiceListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.WebClientServiceListener
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/open/CameraFacing.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.open.CameraFacing
ch/threema/client/SenderThread.java
 ch.threema.client.SenderThread
ch/threema/app/ui/MediaGridItemDecoration.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MediaGridItemDecoration
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/WebClientSessionListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.WebClientSessionListener
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/audio/AbstractAudioTranscoder.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.AbstractAudioTranscoder
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.AbstractAudioTranscoder$State
ch/threema/app/utils/GroupUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.GroupUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/draggablegrid/DynamicGridAdapterInterface.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.DynamicGridAdapterInterface
ch/threema/app/messagereceiver/GroupMessageReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$1
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$10
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$11
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$2
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$3
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$4
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$5
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$6
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$7
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$8
 ch.threema.app.messagereceiver.GroupMessageReceiver$9
ch/threema/app/activities/PrivacyPolicyActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.PrivacyPolicyActivity
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/DummyPreviewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.DummyPreviewFragment
ch/threema/app/routines/UpdateWorkInfoRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.UpdateWorkInfoRoutine
ch/threema/app/services/VoiceActionService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.VoiceActionService
 ch.threema.app.services.VoiceActionService$1
ch/threema/app/services/ApiServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ApiServiceImpl
ch/threema/client/IdentityBackupGenerator.java
 ch.threema.client.IdentityBackupGenerator
ch/threema/app/dialogs/SMSVerificationDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog$4
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SMSVerificationDialog$SMSVerificationDialogCallback
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ActiveConversationHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ActiveConversationHandler
ch/threema/app/services/ApiService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ApiService
ch/threema/app/motionviews/viewmodel/TextLayer.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.TextLayer
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.viewmodel.TextLayer$Limits
ch/threema/app/ui/NewWizardFingerPrintView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.NewWizardFingerPrintView
 ch.threema.app.ui.NewWizardFingerPrintView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.NewWizardFingerPrintView$Char
 ch.threema.app.ui.NewWizardFingerPrintView$OnSwipeResult
ch/threema/app/utils/IceCandidateParser.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.IceCandidateParser
 ch.threema.app.utils.IceCandidateParser$CandidateData
ch/threema/client/voip/features/SimpleCallFeature.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.features.SimpleCallFeature
ch/threema/app/collections/IMap.java
 ch.threema.app.collections.IMap
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/Base64.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.Base64
ch/threema/app/utils/DownloadUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.DownloadUtil
com/android/colorpicker/ColorPickerDialog.java
 com.android.colorpicker.ColorPickerDialog
ch/threema/app/ui/ImagePopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ImagePopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.ImagePopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.ImagePopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.ImagePopup$3
ch/threema/app/fragments/BackupDataFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.BackupDataFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.BackupDataFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.BackupDataFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.BackupDataFragment$3
ch/threema/app/archive/ArchiveAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveAdapter
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveAdapter$ArchiveViewHolder
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveAdapter$OnClickItemListener
ch/threema/storage/factories/DistributionListMemberModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListMemberModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.DistributionListMemberModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion63.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion63
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/MessageUpdater.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.MessageUpdater
ch/threema/app/exceptions/DatabaseMigrationLockedException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.DatabaseMigrationLockedException
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator$4
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.AnimGifChatAdapterDecorator$5
ch/threema/app/services/license/LicenseServiceUser.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.LicenseServiceUser
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiParser.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiParser
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiParser$ParseResult
ch/threema/app/utils/SnackbarUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.SnackbarUtil
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeUploadService.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeUploadService
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeUploadService$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ValidationException.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ValidationException
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/MessagePlayerServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayerServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.MessagePlayerServiceImpl$1
ch/threema/app/globalsearch/GlobalSearchViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchViewModel
ch/threema/app/asynctasks/LinkWithEmailAsyncTask.java
 ch.threema.app.asynctasks.LinkWithEmailAsyncTask
androidx/core/app/FixedJobIntentService.java
 androidx.core.app.FixedJobIntentService
ch/threema/app/fragments/UserMemberListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserMemberListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserMemberListFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserMemberListFragment$1$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserMemberListFragment$1$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.UserMemberListFragment$1$3
ch/threema/app/fragments/MemberListFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MemberListFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.MemberListFragment$SelectionListener
com/DrmSDK/DrmDialogActivity.java
 com.DrmSDK.DrmDialogActivity
com/lambdaworks/crypto/PBKDF.java
 com.lambdaworks.crypto.PBKDF
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsNotificationsDummyActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsNotificationsDummyActivity
ch/threema/app/utils/ContactLookupUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ContactLookupUtil
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/VideoChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$4
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$5
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VideoChatAdapterDecorator$6
ch/threema/app/services/DownloadService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.DownloadService
ch/threema/app/services/SensorService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SensorService
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/AudioViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.AudioViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.AudioViewFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.AudioViewFragment$2
ch/threema/storage/factories/GroupModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.GroupModelFactory$1
ch/threema/client/MessageId.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageId
ch/threema/app/ui/MentionFilter.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionFilter
ch/threema/app/motionviews/widget/FaceBlurEntity.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.widget.FaceBlurEntity
ch/threema/client/ballot/BallotDataChoice.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.BallotDataChoice
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/audio/AudioNullTranscoder.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.AudioNullTranscoder
ch/threema/app/activities/AddContactActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.AddContactActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.AddContactActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.AddContactActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.AddContactActivity$3
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationAutocompleteViewModel.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteViewModel
ch/threema/app/activities/DownloadApkActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.DownloadApkActivity
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/SessionServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$1$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$3$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$9
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.SessionServiceImpl$SessionInstanceContainer
com/lambdaworks/jni/LibraryLoader.java
 com.lambdaworks.jni.LibraryLoader
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/Tags.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.Tags
ch/threema/app/preference/PreferenceActivityCompatDelegate.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.PreferenceActivityCompatDelegate
 ch.threema.app.preference.PreferenceActivityCompatDelegate$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.PreferenceActivityCompatDelegate$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.PreferenceActivityCompatDelegate$Connector
ch/threema/app/adapters/AbstractRecyclerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.AbstractRecyclerAdapter
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion30.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion30
ch/threema/app/services/SensorServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SensorServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/services/IdListService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.IdListService
ch/threema/app/threemasafe/ThreemaSafeAdvancedDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeAdvancedDialog
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeAdvancedDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeAdvancedDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.threemasafe.ThreemaSafeAdvancedDialog$WizardDialogCallback
ch/threema/app/dialogs/TextWithCheckboxDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextWithCheckboxDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.TextWithCheckboxDialog$TextWithCheckboxDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/processors/MessageAckProcessor.java
 ch.threema.app.processors.MessageAckProcessor
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/CreateDistributionListHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateDistributionListHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.CreateDistributionListHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/client/GroupRenameMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupRenameMessage
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ModifyDistributionListHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyDistributionListHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyDistributionListHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/stores/PreferenceStore.java
 ch.threema.app.stores.PreferenceStore
 ch.threema.app.stores.PreferenceStore$1
 ch.threema.app.stores.PreferenceStore$2
ch/threema/app/activities/WhatsNew2Activity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.WhatsNew2Activity
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/FileMessageCreateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.FileMessageCreateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.FileMessageCreateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.FileMessageCreateHandler$2
ch/threema/app/utils/DialogUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.DialogUtil
ch/threema/app/listeners/MessageListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.MessageListener
ch/threema/app/ui/draggablegrid/BaseDynamicGridAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.BaseDynamicGridAdapter
ch/threema/client/AbstractMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.AbstractMessage
ch/threema/app/ui/DirectoryDataSourceFactory.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryDataSourceFactory
ch/threema/app/ui/MentionSpan.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.MentionSpan
ch/threema/app/fragments/wizard/WizardFragment3.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$2
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$3
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$4
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$4$1
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$CountryListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$CountryListAdapter$ViewHolder
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$CountryNameComparator
 ch.threema.app.fragments.wizard.WizardFragment3$OnSettingsChangedListener
ch/threema/app/dialogs/NewContactDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.NewContactDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.NewContactDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.NewContactDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.NewContactDialog$3
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.NewContactDialog$NewContactDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion46.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion46
ch/threema/app/routines/SynchronizeContactsRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$1
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$ContactMatchKey
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$ContactMatchKeyEmail
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$ContactMatchKeyPhone
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$OnFinished
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$OnStarted
 ch.threema.app.routines.SynchronizeContactsRoutine$OnStatusUpdate
ch/threema/app/notifications/NotificationBuilderWrapper.java
 ch.threema.app.notifications.NotificationBuilderWrapper
androidx/appcompat/widget/PopupMenuWrapper.java
 androidx.appcompat.widget.PopupMenuWrapper
ch/threema/app/webclient/crypto/NativeJnaclCryptoInstance.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.crypto.NativeJnaclCryptoInstance
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsCallsFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsCallsFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsCallsFragment$1
ch/threema/app/ui/ThreemaEditText.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ThreemaEditText
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionState.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionState
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionState$IgnoredStateTransition
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionState$InvalidStateTransition
ch/threema/storage/models/ballot/BallotChoiceModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotChoiceModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.ballot.BallotChoiceModel$Type
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion10.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion10
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion10$1
ch/threema/base/Contact.java
 ch.threema.base.Contact
ch/threema/app/services/LifetimeService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.LifetimeService
 ch.threema.app.services.LifetimeService$LifetimeServiceListener
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsAboutFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsAboutFragment$7
ch/threema/app/ui/SendButton.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SendButton
ch/threema/app/managers/ServiceManager.java
 ch.threema.app.managers.ServiceManager
 ch.threema.app.managers.ServiceManager$1
 ch.threema.app.managers.ServiceManager$2
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/GifMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.GifMessagePlayer
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsTroubleshootingFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$10
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$11
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$12
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$13
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$13$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$4
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$5
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$6
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$7
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$8
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsTroubleshootingFragment$9
ch/threema/app/activities/RecipientListBaseActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.RecipientListBaseActivity$UserGroupPagerAdapter
ch/threema/app/utils/ConfigUtils.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConfigUtils
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConfigUtils$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConfigUtils$AppTheme
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConfigUtils$NavigationBarDimensions
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/DeleteMessageHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteMessageHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteMessageHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/IgnoreRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.IgnoreRequestHandler
ch/threema/storage/models/MessageType.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.MessageType
ch/threema/app/mediaattacher/ControlPanelButton.java
 ch.threema.app.mediaattacher.ControlPanelButton
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion17.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion17
ch/threema/app/services/UserService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.UserService
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/BallotChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.BallotChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.BallotChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.BallotChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.BallotChatAdapterDecorator$3
ch/threema/storage/models/GroupMessagePendingMessageIdModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.GroupMessagePendingMessageIdModel
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/VoipStatusDataChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VoipStatusDataChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.VoipStatusDataChatAdapterDecorator$1
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipCallHangupMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipCallHangupMessage
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationAutocompleteActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteActivity
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationAutocompleteActivity$3
ch/threema/app/services/GroupApiService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupApiService
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupApiService$CreateApiMessage
 ch.threema.app.services.GroupApiService$GroupMessageQueued
ch/threema/app/motionviews/gestures/RotateGestureDetector.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.RotateGestureDetector
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.RotateGestureDetector$OnRotateGestureListener
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.gestures.RotateGestureDetector$SimpleOnRotateGestureListener
ch/threema/app/utils/ConversationNotificationUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConversationNotificationUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConversationNotificationUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConversationNotificationUtil$2
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConversationNotificationUtil$3
ch/threema/app/services/MessageServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$10
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$11
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$12
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$13
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$14
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$15
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$16
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$17
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$18
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$19
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$1
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$2
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$3
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$3$1
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$4
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$4$1
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$5
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$6
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$2$7
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$20
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$21
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$22
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$23
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$24
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$25
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$26
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$27
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$28
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$29
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$29$1
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$29$2
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$30
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$31
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$9
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$SendMachine
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$SendMachineProcess
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageServiceImpl$SendResultListener
ch/threema/app/listeners/SMSVerificationListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.SMSVerificationListener
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiGroup.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiGroup
ch/threema/app/adapters/ballot/BallotVoteListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotVoteListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotVoteListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotVoteListAdapter$BallotAdminChoiceItemHolder
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/audio/UnsupportedAudioFormatException.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.UnsupportedAudioFormatException
ch/threema/app/utils/NameUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.NameUtil
ch/threema/app/services/messageplayer/VideoMessagePlayer.java
 ch.threema.app.services.messageplayer.VideoMessagePlayer
ch/threema/client/ConnectionState.java
 ch.threema.client.ConnectionState
ch/threema/app/utils/WidgetUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.WidgetUtil
ch/threema/storage/models/data/status/VoipStatusDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.status.VoipStatusDataModel
ch/threema/app/archive/ArchiveRepository.java
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveRepository
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveRepository$1
 ch.threema.app.archive.ArchiveRepository$2
ch/threema/app/voip/receivers/MeteredStatusChangedReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.receivers.MeteredStatusChangedReceiver
ch/threema/app/adapters/IdentityListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.IdentityListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.IdentityListAdapter$Entity
 ch.threema.app.adapters.IdentityListAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 ch.threema.app.adapters.IdentityListAdapter$ViewHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.IdentityListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiRecent.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiRecent
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotDetailActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotDetailActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotDetailActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotDetailActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotDetailActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotDetailActivity$ServiceCall
ch/threema/app/BuildConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.BuildConfig
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/AcknowledgeRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.AcknowledgeRequestHandler
ch/threema/app/utils/CloseableReadWriteLock.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.CloseableReadWriteLock
 ch.threema.app.utils.CloseableReadWriteLock$NotLocked
ch/threema/app/preference/PreferenceActivityCompat.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.PreferenceActivityCompat
ch/threema/app/services/PreferenceServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.PreferenceServiceImpl
ch/threema/app/receivers/WidgetProvider.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.WidgetProvider
ch/threema/client/LinkEmailException.java
 ch.threema.client.LinkEmailException
ch/threema/app/globalsearch/GlobalSearchActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchActivity
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchActivity$3
ch/threema/client/BoxImageMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxImageMessage
ch/threema/app/preference/HeaderAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.HeaderAdapter
 ch.threema.app.preference.HeaderAdapter$ViewHolder
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/MessageReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.MessageReceiver
ch/threema/app/utils/JsonUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.JsonUtil
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/view/ViewUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.view.ViewUtil
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotMatrixActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotMatrixActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotMatrixActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotMatrixActivity$2
com/DrmSDK/DialogObserver.java
 com.DrmSDK.DialogObserver
ch/threema/app/locationpicker/LocationPickerActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$6$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$6$2
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$6$3
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$8$1
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.locationpicker.LocationPickerActivity$NearbyPOITask
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ModifyGroupHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyGroupHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyGroupHandler$ErrorCode
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyGroupHandler$Listener
ch/threema/app/ui/SquareImageView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SquareImageView
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/SessionInstanceServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$2$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$2$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$3$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$8
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.SessionInstanceServiceImpl$9
ch/threema/app/listeners/GroupListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.GroupListener
ch/threema/app/activities/ContactDetailActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$10
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$10$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$11
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$12
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$8$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ContactDetailActivity$9
com/DrmSDK/Constants.java
 com.DrmSDK.Constants
ch/threema/client/Utils.java
 ch.threema.client.Utils
ch/threema/client/BoxVideoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.BoxVideoMessage
ch/threema/app/voip/services/VoipCallService.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$3
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$4
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$5
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$6
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$7
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$8
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$9
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$CallStatsCollectorCallback
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$FrameDetectorCallback
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$FrameDetectorCallback$State
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$OnSoundComplete
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$PSTNCallStateListener
 ch.threema.app.voip.services.VoipCallService$RemoteVideoStateDetector
ch/threema/app/globalsearch/GlobalSearchAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchAdapter
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchAdapter$ItemHolder
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchAdapter$OnClickItemListener
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseChecker.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener$1
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/BatteryStatusService.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.BatteryStatusService
ch/threema/storage/ColumnIndexCache.java
 ch.threema.storage.ColumnIndexCache
ch/threema/app/utils/ShareUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ShareUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/draggablegrid/AbstractDynamicGridAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.draggablegrid.AbstractDynamicGridAdapter
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion6.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion6
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion6$1
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion6$2
ch/threema/client/NonceCounter.java
 ch.threema.client.NonceCounter
ch/threema/app/camera/CameraXModule.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule$1
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule$2
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule$3
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule$4
 ch.threema.app.camera.CameraXModule$5
ch/threema/client/UpdateWorkInfoException.java
 ch.threema.client.UpdateWorkInfoException
ch/threema/app/ui/LockableScrollView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LockableScrollView
ch/threema/app/utils/VideoUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.VideoUtil
ch/threema/logging/LoggingUtil.java
 ch.threema.logging.LoggingUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/listeners/WebClientWakeUpListener.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.listeners.WebClientWakeUpListener
ch/threema/app/listeners/ContactListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ContactListener
ch/threema/storage/models/DateSeparatorMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.DateSeparatorMessageModel
ch/threema/app/activities/StickerSelectorActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.StickerSelectorActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.StickerSelectorActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.StickerSelectorActivity$StickerLoader
ch/threema/app/filepicker/Constants.java
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.Constants
ch/threema/app/services/SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$1$1
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$5
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$6
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$7
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsServiceImpl$8
ch/threema/app/services/UpdateSystemService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.UpdateSystemService
 ch.threema.app.services.UpdateSystemService$OnSystemUpdateRun
 ch.threema.app.services.UpdateSystemService$SystemUpdate
ch/threema/client/ballot/GroupBallotCreateMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ballot.GroupBallotCreateMessage
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/ConnectionInfo.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.ConnectionInfo
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MsgpackBuilder.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackBuilder
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackBuilder$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackBuilder$Instruction
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackBuilder$InstructionType
com/neilalexander/jnacl/NaClTest.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.NaClTest
ch/threema/app/filepicker/FilePickerAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerAdapter
 ch.threema.app.filepicker.FilePickerAdapter$ViewHolder
ch/threema/app/ui/LockableBottomSheetBehavior.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LockableBottomSheetBehavior
ch/threema/app/utils/TLSUpgradeSocketFactoryWrapper.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.TLSUpgradeSocketFactoryWrapper
ch/threema/app/utils/TextUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.TextUtil
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/updater/ConversationUpdateHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler$Listener
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler$Listener$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler$Listener$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.updater.ConversationUpdateHandler$Listener$3
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsRateFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsRateFragment
ch/threema/app/ui/VideoPopup.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.VideoPopup
 ch.threema.app.ui.VideoPopup$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.VideoPopup$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.VideoPopup$3
ch/threema/app/services/CacheService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.CacheService
 ch.threema.app.services.CacheService$CreateCachedColorList
ch/threema/app/voip/VoipProximitySensor.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipProximitySensor
ch/threema/app/ui/ParallaxViewPager.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ParallaxViewPager
ch/threema/app/routines/CheckIdentityRoutine.java
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckIdentityRoutine
 ch.threema.app.routines.CheckIdentityRoutine$OnStatusChanged
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseValidator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseValidator
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/DeleteGroupHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteGroupHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.DeleteGroupHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ModifyConversationHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyConversationHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyConversationHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiCategoryType.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiCategoryType
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion56.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion56
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Conversation.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Conversation
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Conversation$Append
ch/threema/app/dialogs/WizardDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardDialog$2
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.WizardDialog$WizardDialogCallback
ch/threema/app/ui/AvatarEditView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$2
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$3
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$4
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$5
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$6
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$7
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$AvatarEditListener
 ch.threema.app.ui.AvatarEditView$AvatarTypeDef
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.AutoFocusManager
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiItemView.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiItemView
ch/threema/app/adapters/GroupDetailAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter$HeaderHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter$ItemHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.GroupDetailAdapter$OnClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/ConversationService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationService
 ch.threema.app.services.ConversationService$Filter
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/BatteryStatusServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.BatteryStatusServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.BatteryStatusServiceImpl$1
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotMatrixData.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixData
ch/threema/logging/backend/LogBackend.java
 ch.threema.logging.backend.LogBackend
ch/threema/client/MessageProcessorInterface.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageProcessorInterface
 ch.threema.client.MessageProcessorInterface$ProcessIncomingResult
com/DrmSDK/DialogTrigger.java
 com.DrmSDK.DialogTrigger
ch/threema/app/services/SynchronizeContactsService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.SynchronizeContactsService
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion13.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion13
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion13$1
ch/threema/app/listeners/ThreemaSafeListener.java
 ch.threema.app.listeners.ThreemaSafeListener
ch/threema/app/activities/wizard/WizardFingerPrintActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardFingerPrintActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardFingerPrintActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardFingerPrintActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.wizard.WizardFingerPrintActivity$3
ch/threema/app/fragments/mediaviews/VideoViewFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.VideoViewFragment
 ch.threema.app.fragments.mediaviews.VideoViewFragment$1
ch/threema/app/globalsearch/GlobalSearchRepository.java
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchRepository
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchRepository$1
 ch.threema.app.globalsearch.GlobalSearchRepository$2
ch/threema/app/webclient/state/PeerConnectionState.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.state.PeerConnectionState
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/RestoreSettings.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.RestoreSettings
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ModifyContactHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyContactHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyContactHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ModifyProfileHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyProfileHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyProfileHandler$ErrorCode
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ModifyProfileHandler$ModifyProfileException
ch/threema/app/utils/RandomUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.RandomUtil
ch/threema/storage/models/data/media/ImageDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.media.ImageDataModel
ch/threema/app/utils/QuoteUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.QuoteUtil
 ch.threema.app.utils.QuoteUtil$1
 ch.threema.app.utils.QuoteUtil$QuoteContent
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/Group.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Group
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.Group$1
ch/threema/app/exceptions/FileSystemNotPresentException.java
 ch.threema.app.exceptions.FileSystemNotPresentException
ch/threema/app/ui/FastScrollGridView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.FastScrollGridView
 ch.threema.app.ui.FastScrollGridView$ScrollListener
ch/threema/app/adapters/decorators/FileChatAdapterDecorator.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$2
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$3
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$4
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$5
 ch.threema.app.adapters.decorators.FileChatAdapterDecorator$6
ch/threema/app/dialogs/SimpleStringAlertDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.SimpleStringAlertDialog
ch/threema/app/utils/LocaleUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.LocaleUtil
ch/threema/app/ui/InitialAvatarView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.InitialAvatarView
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/message/receiver/ContactDetailRequestHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ContactDetailRequestHandler
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.message.receiver.ContactDetailRequestHandler$ErrorCode
ch/threema/storage/factories/BallotChoiceModelFactory.java
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotChoiceModelFactory
 ch.threema.storage.factories.BallotChoiceModelFactory$1
ch/threema/app/voip/receivers/IncomingMobileCallReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.receivers.IncomingMobileCallReceiver
ch/threema/app/preference/SettingsMediaFragment.java
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaFragment
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaFragment$1
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaFragment$2
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaFragment$3
 ch.threema.app.preference.SettingsMediaFragment$4
ch/threema/storage/models/ServerMessageModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.ServerMessageModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.ServerMessageModel$Type
ch/threema/app/motionviews/FaceItem.java
 ch.threema.app.motionviews.FaceItem
ch/threema/client/NonceFactory.java
 ch.threema.client.NonceFactory
ch/threema/app/dialogs/GenericAlertDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.GenericAlertDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.GenericAlertDialog$DialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion43.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion43
com/google/android/vending/licensing/DeviceLimiter.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.DeviceLimiter
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/ServicesContainer.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.ServicesContainer
ch/threema/app/activities/ImagePaintActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$1$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$9
 ch.threema.app.activities.ImagePaintActivity$9$1
ch/threema/app/ui/LockableLinearLayoutManager.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LockableLinearLayoutManager
ch/threema/app/webclient/filters/MessageFilter.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.filters.MessageFilter
ch/threema/app/services/ballot/BallotMatrixServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixServiceImpl$AxisElement
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixServiceImpl$Choice
 ch.threema.app.services.ballot.BallotMatrixServiceImpl$Participant
ch/threema/app/adapters/ballot/BallotOverviewListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotOverviewListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotOverviewListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.ballot.BallotOverviewListAdapter$BallotOverviewItemHolder
ch/threema/app/adapters/MentionSelectorAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MentionSelectorAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MentionSelectorAdapter$ItemHolder
 ch.threema.app.adapters.MentionSelectorAdapter$OnClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/AvatarCacheServiceImpl.java
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl$1
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl$2
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl$3
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl$4
 ch.threema.app.services.AvatarCacheServiceImpl$GenerateBitmap
ch/threema/app/services/PinLockService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.PinLockService
ch/threema/app/webclient/services/instance/state/SessionStateConnecting.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateConnecting
 ch.threema.app.webclient.services.instance.state.SessionStateConnecting$1
com/neilalexander/jnacl/crypto/salsa20.java
 com.neilalexander.jnacl.crypto.salsa20
ch/threema/app/voip/signaling/CaptureState.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.signaling.CaptureState
ch/threema/app/ui/LockableViewPager.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LockableViewPager
ch/threema/app/ui/ThreemaSearchView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ThreemaSearchView
ch/threema/app/qrscanner/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 ch.threema.app.qrscanner.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
ch/threema/client/MessageTooLongException.java
 ch.threema.client.MessageTooLongException
ch/threema/app/ui/DirectoryHeaderItemDecoration.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryHeaderItemDecoration
 ch.threema.app.ui.DirectoryHeaderItemDecoration$HeaderCallback
ch/threema/app/emojis/EmojiUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.EmojiUtil
ch/threema/app/utils/HiddenChatUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.HiddenChatUtil
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotWizardActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardActivity
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardActivity$BallotWizardCallback
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardActivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter
ch/threema/client/work/WorkData.java
 ch.threema.client.work.WorkData
ch/threema/app/ui/ResumePauseHandler.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.ResumePauseHandler
 ch.threema.app.ui.ResumePauseHandler$RunIfActive
com/DrmSDK/DrmKernel.java
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$1
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$DrmCheckFailRunnable
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$DrmCheckSuccessRunnable
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$DrmServiceConnection
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$DrmStartActivityRunnable
 com.DrmSDK.DrmKernel$DrmStub
ch/threema/app/ui/CheckableFrameLayout.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.CheckableFrameLayout
ch/threema/app/camera/ZoomView.java
 ch.threema.app.camera.ZoomView
ch/threema/storage/models/data/status/StatusDataModel.java
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.status.StatusDataModel
 ch.threema.storage.models.data.status.StatusDataModel$StatusDataModelInterface
ch/threema/client/voip/VoipICECandidatesData.java
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipICECandidatesData
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipICECandidatesData$Candidate
 ch.threema.client.voip.VoipICECandidatesData$CandidateFilter
ch/threema/app/dialogs/CancelableHorizontalProgressDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableHorizontalProgressDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableHorizontalProgressDialog$1
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.CancelableHorizontalProgressDialog$ProgressDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion33.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion33
ch/threema/app/dialogs/GenericProgressDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.GenericProgressDialog
ch/threema/app/receivers/PowerSaveModeReceiver.java
 ch.threema.app.receivers.PowerSaveModeReceiver
ch/threema/app/activities/ballot/BallotWizardFragment0.java
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment0
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment0$1
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment0$2
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment0$3
 ch.threema.app.activities.ballot.BallotWizardFragment0$4
ch/threema/app/webclient/webrtc/DataChannelContext.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.DataChannelContext
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.DataChannelContext$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.DataChannelContext$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.webrtc.DataChannelContext$3
ch/threema/client/GroupRequestSyncMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.GroupRequestSyncMessage
ch/threema/client/ContactSetPhotoMessage.java
 ch.threema.client.ContactSetPhotoMessage
ch/threema/app/ui/TypingIndicatorImageView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.TypingIndicatorImageView
 ch.threema.app.ui.TypingIndicatorImageView$1
ch/threema/app/emojis/MarkupParser.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$1
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$MarkupParserException
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$SpanItem
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$Token
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$TokenPresenceMap
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParser$TokenType
ch/threema/app/ui/SectionHeaderView.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.SectionHeaderView
ch/threema/app/ui/LessObnoxiousMediaActionSound.java
 ch.threema.app.ui.LessObnoxiousMediaActionSound
 ch.threema.app.ui.LessObnoxiousMediaActionSound$1
 ch.threema.app.ui.LessObnoxiousMediaActionSound$SoundState
ch/threema/app/managers/ListenerManager.java
 ch.threema.app.managers.ListenerManager
 ch.threema.app.managers.ListenerManager$HandleListener
 ch.threema.app.managers.ListenerManager$TypedListenerManager
ch/threema/app/services/RatingService.java
 ch.threema.app.services.RatingService
ch/threema/app/dialogs/MultiChoiceSelectorDialog.java
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.MultiChoiceSelectorDialog
 ch.threema.app.dialogs.MultiChoiceSelectorDialog$SelectorDialogClickListener
ch/threema/app/webclient/activities/SessionsActivity.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$1$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$2$1
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$2$2
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$2$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$3
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$4
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$5
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$6
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$7
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$8
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivity$9
ch/threema/app/video/transcoder/audio/AudioFormatTranscoder.java
 ch.threema.app.video.transcoder.audio.AudioFormatTranscoder
ch/threema/app/services/MessageSendingServiceExponentialBackOff.java
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageSendingServiceExponentialBackOff
 ch.threema.app.services.MessageSendingServiceExponentialBackOff$1
ch/threema/app/webclient/Protocol.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.Protocol
ch/threema/base/ThreemaException.java
 ch.threema.base.ThreemaException
ch/threema/app/services/systemupdate/SystemUpdateToVersion23.java
 ch.threema.app.services.systemupdate.SystemUpdateToVersion23
ch/threema/app/services/license/UserCredentials.java
 ch.threema.app.services.license.UserCredentials
ch/threema/app/utils/ConnectionIndicatorUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.ConnectionIndicatorUtil
ch/threema/app/adapters/RecentListAdapter.java
 ch.threema.app.adapters.RecentListAdapter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.RecentListAdapter$1
 ch.threema.app.adapters.RecentListAdapter$RecentListFilter
 ch.threema.app.adapters.RecentListAdapter$RecentListHolder
