ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MessageTest.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MessageTest
ch/threema/app/DangerousTest.java
 ch.threema.app.DangerousTest
ch/threema/app/backuprestore/csv/BackupServiceTest.java
 ch.threema.app.backuprestore.csv.BackupServiceTest
ch/threema/app/voip/SdpTest.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.SdpTest
 ch.threema.app.voip.SdpTest$1
 ch.threema.app.voip.SdpTest$2
 ch.threema.app.voip.SdpTest$PeerConnectionClientEvents
ch/threema/app/emojis/MarkupParserTest.java
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParserTest
 ch.threema.app.emojis.MarkupParserTest$Utils
ch/threema/app/utils/BackgroundErrorNotificationTest.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.BackgroundErrorNotificationTest
ch/threema/app/webclient/activities/SessionsActivityTest.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivityTest
 ch.threema.app.webclient.activities.SessionsActivityTest$1
ch/threema/app/utils/TextUtilTest.java
 ch.threema.app.utils.TextUtilTest
ch/threema/app/TestApplication.java
 ch.threema.app.TestApplication
com/azimolabs/conditionwatcher/ConditionWatcher.java
 com.azimolabs.conditionwatcher.ConditionWatcher
ch/threema/app/testutils/InstructionUtil.java
 ch.threema.app.testutils.InstructionUtil
 ch.threema.app.testutils.InstructionUtil$1
ch/threema/app/TestFastlaneOnly.java
 ch.threema.app.TestFastlaneOnly
ch/threema/app/ThreemaTestRunner.java
 ch.threema.app.ThreemaTestRunner
ch/threema/app/test/BuildConfig.java
 ch.threema.app.test.BuildConfig
ch/threema/logging/backend/DebugLogFileBackendTest.java
 ch.threema.logging.backend.DebugLogFileBackendTest
ch/threema/MutTest.java
 ch.threema.MutTest
com/azimolabs/conditionwatcher/Instruction.java
 com.azimolabs.conditionwatcher.Instruction
ch/threema/app/ScreenshotTakingRule.java
 ch.threema.app.ScreenshotTakingRule
ch/threema/app/webclient/converter/MsgpackTest.java
 ch.threema.app.webclient.converter.MsgpackTest
ch/threema/app/testutils/RecyclerViewMatcher.java
 ch.threema.app.testutils.RecyclerViewMatcher
 ch.threema.app.testutils.RecyclerViewMatcher$1
ch/threema/app/voip/VoipStatusMessageTest.java
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipStatusMessageTest
 ch.threema.app.voip.VoipStatusMessageTest$TestCase
ch/threema/app/TestHelpers.java
 ch.threema.app.TestHelpers
